Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So we begin back in the temple of the 8 divines and drankar
Tim Sackton: as night falls. As the spell, the hero's feast that Rizwan has maintained for the past 24 h fades and the protection of Parazal disappears. You can feel the
Tim Sackton: darkness of the city pressing around you, still held off by the holy force of the human gods, the 8 divines that have hollowed this ground inside the temple, but
Tim Sackton: the darkness you feel as the sun has now set as well is out there, and as you gather your emergency rations, and
Tim Sackton: you know water skins, whatever supplies you keep stashed in the portable hole for dinner.
Tim Sackton: thinking back to the information that you deciphered the past
Tim Sackton: Over the course of the afternoon, after having defeated all of Rye's secret traps and hidden protections to hide Apollyon's adamantine dagger, the phylactery that holds his soul.
Tim Sackton: Seeker was able to discover in Napoleon's notes the names of the 7 victims that were sacrificed to form the structure of the phylactery, to form the
Tim Sackton: cocoon which shelters Apollyon's soul, and prevents him from ever dying, recorded in the notes that Apollyon kept about how to become a lich.
Tim Sackton: and you realized the way, then to destroy
Tim Sackton: the phylactery largely deciphered by seeker from Apollyon's notes is to
Tim Sackton: spray the souls of these 7 trapped people.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Tim Sackton: The simplest way being to take the dagger to the land of the dead, and somehow
Tim Sackton: unwind the souls, restore them to their memories.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which.
Tim Sackton: Theoretically, is made easier by some memento, some physical object that ties them to the world to help them help their souls, recall who they once were.
Tim Sackton: And so this is what you've been seeking.
Tim Sackton: Yesterday Welby scouted the large Temple Administration buildings nearby
Tim Sackton: and found a secret record, a book of martyrs of the radiant path. The religious order that had been founded to oppose Apollyon's rule in the last days of Drankor.
Tim Sackton: recorded the names and lives of many who
Tim Sackton: Were disappeared by a polyon taken for various purposes.
Tim Sackton: 4 of these names matched the names of people
Tim Sackton: that Apollyon had used to construct his phylactory.
Tim Sackton: 3 humans, Antonius Partreeus of Drankor.
Tim Sackton: Floria of Aphasium, Marius of Drankor, and an elf Valanthe of Rostare, and these 3 humans.
Tim Sackton: whose lives were recorded in this book of martyrs were also memorialized.
Tim Sackton: In the holy chapel of the radiant Path, the under chapel of the Father, that
Tim Sackton: God of the 8 divines to which the radiant path was dedicated.
Tim Sackton: And so you've recovered the death masks of 3
Tim Sackton: of the 7 souls that you must find, and you are able.
Tim Sackton: as Seeker dozed off in the temple, guarding the dagger to go and recover.
Tim Sackton: A silver pen nib from the alpha also recorded in the book of martyrs, who, although not buried in the temple, lived close by.
Tim Sackton: You are left now with the task of finding some memento in the city of Drankor. Of the 3 remaining people, Serafina Apple Blossom, a halfling and proprietor of the Laughing Wave, a lively tavern that Welby was able to see a vision of in his ancestral memories on a side street near the massive Custom House, on the docks of Drankor.
Tim Sackton: Kemet of Targu a
Tim Sackton: foreigner, presumably from a strange place based on the name and the location. Targu. More than that is hard to say, but your surmise was that this person may have been a sailor or a traveler.
Tim Sackton: and if you were to find information about them anywhere, it would also likely be the docks, and finally menareth Aparinar, an elf. But one of the elves that had lived for many years with humans.
Tim Sackton: also of Drankar, of which you have no information.
Tim Sackton: And so, as you settle in for the night take a long rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, long rest.
Tim Sackton: You find yourself. I mean, obviously, if you want to
Tim Sackton: role play anything at night, you can. But I think it's simple to just skip to the morning. You find yourself now
Tim Sackton: in the morning.
Tim Sackton: probably running fairly low on water. Although you probably stash enough rations in your portable hole to survive for a few days.
Eric Rosenbaum: But didn't give up the infinite alchemical tea kettle.
Tim Sackton: No seeker still has that.
Tim Sackton: I don't think it's infinite, though.
Mike Sackton: Like 12 gallons, or something
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's probably plenty.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: So that not running low on water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here.
Tim Sackton: So it's now, as sun is streaming through the windows of the temple, you find yourself contemplating your next move.
Tim Sackton: while be having volunteered to stay behind, or while be having drawn the short straw, because we'll be, would actually volunteer to stay behind to remain the temple and guard the dagger. So you don't have to
Tim Sackton: bring the dagger out into the world of Drankor, which seems risky.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did we form a plan to enter
Eric Rosenbaum: the Land of the Dead? I was a little groggy last night. I don't recall.
Kate Sackton: We kept saying someone would have to die.
Mike Sackton: No, I mean, our only plan at the moment was, somebody dies.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
David S. Kong: Somebody like one of us dies.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, like, maybe Kenzo, because he's really well practiced at it.
David S. Kong: I am.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: That's 1 of my talents. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So your your understanding of. So the seeker knows something of
Tim Sackton: magic that allows you to move between planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Tim Sackton: You've been collecting these like, although I think only Rizwin can prepare plain chef. That's a cleric spell, I think rizwin's the only one. But but you've been collecting these like little
Kate Sackton: Like the land of the dead, is in another plane, right.
Tim Sackton: It's another plane. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I mean, can you just.
Tim Sackton: And collect.
Mike Sackton: Can you plane shift to it?
Tim Sackton: That. That's what I'm about to say.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so.
Tim Sackton: So to plane shift to a plane. You need
Tim Sackton: like something that's resonant with that plane. Right? You've been collecting these little bits of things right like you have this
Tim Sackton: fragment of I forget what they're all listed on party treasure. But like you've collected these like
Tim Sackton: pieces of the plane of water, the plane of air, the like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: You've got a few others, maybe a couple. You don't even know which plane they're associated with.
Tim Sackton: that all serve as like the key to allow you to use magic to transport to that plane your understanding of the land of the dead
Tim Sackton: the only, the only thing that can be used as this key to let you trans. You know, the material component
Tim Sackton: for plane shaft is the body
Tim Sackton: of a person whose soul is currently in the land of the dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Body of the person.
Kate Sackton: So just any dead person.
Mike Sackton: Well, anybody who's died within the last couple of days, because your soul goes from the land of the dead to elsewhere. Right.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: So that's be.
Tim Sackton: The land of the dead is transient. Nobody. It has to be the soul of a person who's recently dead.
Tim Sackton: I mean the body of a person who's recently dead, whose soul is still
Tim Sackton: on the still, on the the land of the dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: But there's just not a lot of other people around.
Tim Sackton: The only things you've seen around are undead, which.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Are explicitly, not on the land of the dead.
Mike Sackton: That's an interesting question. If you take a zombie or something, is its soul trapped on Talgar.
Mike Sackton: or is it so.
Tim Sackton: Zombies and skeletons are just animated remains. They don't. Their soul is long gone.
Mike Sackton: What about like, are there any like undead whose souls are still? I guess a polyon nice
Mike Sackton: is probably around. If we kill him we can.
Tim Sackton: His.
Mike Sackton: Body.
Tim Sackton: Literally in the phylactery.
Tim Sackton: That's the whole point of a phylactery.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo saw his soul like, Oh, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you see?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Body. Now.
Mike Sackton: No! No! His, his.
Tim Sackton: So it's called, not on the plane of the dead
Tim Sackton: out of the land of the dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: But do household pets have souls.
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Kate Sackton: Do we have a they?
Kate Sackton: We have a ugh!
Kate Sackton: A sigil thing for like and or like anything would work to get us back. The thing about the whole plane shift thing is.
Kate Sackton: I only have 1 7th level slot, so I can only do this once a day.
Mike Sackton: So the Rainbow Bridge will get us back from any plane.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Kate Sackton: If we.
Mike Sackton: But if we want to make this easy, though, like, I mean, we could just teleport to Olin
Mike Sackton: right? There's guaranteed a body in Tolan that has recently died right? It's a big enough city that there's.
Eric Rosenbaum: No chance, that.
Mike Sackton: There isn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just go to the morgue. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And then plane shift from toland to the land of the dead, and then Rainbow Bridge from the land of the Dead back to Drankor.
Kate Sackton: That is what. So that needs teleport.
Kate Sackton: or we just kill one of us. Go to the land of the dead using plane shift.
Kate Sackton: come back and unkill whoever.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. But but then we're down first.st
Mike Sackton: But he's dead, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a little risky.
Mike Sackton: We don't have to solve this right now, because we have to go get the other 3 pieces right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But she's either asked if we had a plan, so.
Mike Sackton: No, no, it's the short answer. We don't have a plan, and we could continue you.
Kate Sackton: We have several flawed plans.
David S. Kong: In the worst case scenario. Kenzo is happy to die for the party again.
Tim Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: Day.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like the ultimate.
David S. Kong: Can't come up with anything else.
David S. Kong: Yeah, Kenzo Kenzo will will die, will sacrifice himself for the party, as he has done on numerous occasions.
Eric Rosenbaum: He kind of likes it.
Kate Sackton: Wait. But in terms of weekend
Kate Sackton: are we trying to do this before we go back to Vindisharna and solve whatever problem is there? Are we fighting a polyon after we figure out what's wrong with on Vidya Sharna?
Kate Sackton: Oh, no!
Kate Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: What happened on the ship we don't know.
David S. Kong: To fast. It took it over, or something.
Mike Sackton: Or something but we still have the Rainbow bridge with us right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Never remember.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah. So we could. Okay, so step one is that we should stop talking about this. And we should figure out how to find the remaining pieces of these 7 people. The memory items of these 7 people right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the business for the morning. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Serafina, Apple Blossom, Kemet of Targu and Minaret. The peranar are the 3 that we need.
Kate Sackton: But we're sitting around talking about this, perhaps while we spend an hour having a hero's feast, because otherwise we're going to be terrified as soon as we leave the building.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, if yeah, we should do so.
Kate Sackton: Nice it is.
Kate Sackton: Got it interested in game.
Mike Sackton: Secondarily, even though we shouldn't be talking about this.
Mike Sackton: we probably don't. We wait. Resurrection is also a 7th level spell.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: But in.
Tim Sackton: Raised. That is only a 5th level spot.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but raised dead weaves. Whoever is raised like super ill for days, right.
Tim Sackton: So does resurrection.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's a big flaw in the killing. One of us plan.
Kate Sackton: Well, it's a big flaw in the killing one of us plan, if it's not like the last thing we do before, like ever like if we've already tied up everything with our allies.
Mike Sackton: We have to kill a polyon after we destroy the flak tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I think the like tollen plan as crazy as.
Tim Sackton: To us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually does make sense.
David S. Kong: We still have, what.
Tim Sackton: Yes, still have 7 days.
Mike Sackton: So much time
Mike Sackton: can kill me as long as we then wait 8 days to see what happens. When a poly.
Tim Sackton: It's free.
David S. Kong: Isn't anybody curious what his full power is like.
David S. Kong: I feel like, I feel like we're. This is all just like some big tease, you know it's just cracked, you know.
Mike Sackton: Somebody.
David S. Kong: Honestly.
Mike Sackton: I think Kenza is curious, but Dallas is not curious.
David S. Kong: I don't know wait, but but makes a good point about the fact that, like there's like we can't, we can't kill a Polyon be completely wiped out and fucked up, and then Rainbow Bridge back to the ship. And then Fausto is there, you know, like that? Then we will. That that's bad.
Mike Sackton: I think we should get, I would. What I would do is get the 3 things this morning.
David S. Kong: That's for sure. We definitely do that.
Mike Sackton: Try not to use.
Mike Sackton: Have secret. Try not to use the 7th level spell teleport to
Mike Sackton: somewhere a big city. Whatever big city we're most guaranteed to be able to teleport to.
David S. Kong: Phone's a good choice.
Mike Sackton: Tollen's probably a good choice, right? We have stuff from Tollen right? Like you could. I'm sure we have, like some.
David S. Kong: And the stuff.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: The whole ship is from Poland, like all the the yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: My, my cloak? Yeah, everything. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So like we should be able to get back to Toland pretty easily right, and then just find a dead body in Toland that can't be hard. Go to the plane of the dead, do the whole
Mike Sackton: kill the factory thing, rainbow Bridge, back to Vindicharna, kill Fausto, and whatever other solve all the other problems of like Fausto's army taking over Vindisharna, and then fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: 3 day, side quest.
Mike Sackton: Then that'll only be in theory. That's only one day, right like.
Eric Rosenbaum: After that, then.
Mike Sackton: And then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plenty of time.
Mike Sackton: Is gonna be somewhere strange. So we're gonna like, go somewhere within Dr. Sharna for a couple days to just get distracted, then come back and kill Napoleon.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Work expands to fill the time available. So.
David S. Kong: But seriously, don't you all feel a little bit like it would be kind of like copping out to kill Apollyon while he's not his full power. It's sort of like
David S. Kong: like they were playing
David S. Kong: professional sports and like, Oh, Lebron, James is injured, you know, and he's not like playing on the team like. Don't you want to beat them when they're like, you know, fully themselves, to get the satisfaction? You know what I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just please anybody else with me on this
Eric Rosenbaum: a glimpse of the Powers, you know.
David S. Kong: Yeah, you know, this is like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we could like throw an army at him for him to just fly.
Tim Sackton: That's right.
Tim Sackton: Before we take him out.
Eric Rosenbaum: That you could, in fact, beat a Polyon at his full power.
David S. Kong: Maybe maybe we get him down to like one hit point and then wait for like the you know.
David S. Kong: and just like, just like, get him down like, where is like he's really close to dead. And then, just you know, anyways problem for another time. Let's go find the 3 things.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we should go down to the docks. It sounds like.
Mike Sackton: I. So I think we have.
Eric Rosenbaum: For this tavern.
Mike Sackton: There's the Halfling Dock Person tavern person.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: There's the mystery dude person, whatever
Mike Sackton: from the docs, or who we think is near the docks. And then there's the final person who I don't think we know anything about.
Tim Sackton: So everybody gets increase. Your Max. Hit points by 12. From here is feast.
Tim Sackton: You don't know anything about mirror minerth, except that he was a paranor.
Mike Sackton: Now, if we are taking a
Mike Sackton: if we are taking an hour to cast here as feast, I'm going to spell up a little bit. I'll cast aid.
Tim Sackton: You can't short route short rest while your hero is feasting.
Mike Sackton: Oh no!
Tim Sackton: Why not? I'm not casting. I'm not casting heroes. Feast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where you're eating.
Tim Sackton: You're like subject to a spell.
Mike Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: Short rest. Usually a meal usually is the key to a short rest. Right?
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't.
Mike Sackton: But whatever I mean.
Mike Sackton: I don't think hero's feast involves. I don't know what here does Hero's feast involve like doing anything other than.
Tim Sackton: I just I. It's the magical nature of Hero's feast, I think to me, anyway, implies that it's.
Kate Sackton: A ritual that everyone gets involved with.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Kate Sackton: Well, that's your DM interpretation.
Mike Sackton: I don't think that's normally how we've done it, but I don't, doesn't.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't really matter if you wanna have it, I mean because you can always take another hour.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're up at dawn, so you've got 12 h of daylight.
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right, right.
Kate Sackton: Well, that was got this plan that we're just gonna wrap this all up so quickly.
Kate Sackton: That probably won't even knows we're gone.
Mike Sackton: Something like that. Although. Yeah, okay.
Kate Sackton: All right. So we're going to the docks to look for the thing, because we'll find and hopefully run into
Kate Sackton: some clue. Some, like everybody knows everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! And also, if we meet anybody, we have to kill him.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Kate Sackton: If there happens to be a normal, living soul in this 1st place, we're just gonna like kill them instead of rescue them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, or maybe not ethical concerns. When has that stopped us before? But yeah.
Tim Sackton: I right?
Mike Sackton: I think it depends a little bit on who the person is. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: A little bit. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right so. But.
Tim Sackton: Style, with the protection now against fear from Hero's feast you step out of the tempo
Tim Sackton: onto the streets of Drankor.
Tim Sackton: Heading to the docks. So on the map. Where are you going? Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, Jeez, let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're we're now well, like here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that that big building is the temple that you're in.
Tim Sackton: You'd be stepping right outside onto the. So right outside the temple. There's this small plaza that's also contained within the hallowed aura of the temple.
Tim Sackton: It has a fountain, a bubbling fountain, and, like a little bit of a sort of entryway area.
Tim Sackton: And then there's this street that runs east towards the grand Plaza that you've seen from the air.
Tim Sackton: The the Custom House that the temple is near is is here.
Tim Sackton: It's not the docs. By the by, the lightning tower.
Tim Sackton: It's here so you could just follow the road if you wanted to.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a straight shot. This is the one associated with that Hefling.
Tim Sackton: Well, that's the in Wabi's vision. The Halfling Inn was on a side street near this, like massive custom house that was like one of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Main places where goods were, you know, sort of coming in and out of
Tim Sackton: of drink, or and that's you saw the ruins of that here from the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: Straight shot or roundabout through the forest, I think probably straight shot.
Mike Sackton: I think I think straight shots probably fine.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Straight shot is my vote.
David S. Kong: I'm going to be the contrarian as wiggly as possible.
Kate Sackton: And pay. You got numbered.
David S. Kong: Kidding.
Kate Sackton: We've heard you.
Tim Sackton: So you begin to walk, following the road
Tim Sackton: through this sort of temple district.
Tim Sackton: this part to the east is not particularly overgrown. Actually a little bit more open than the zoom background.
Tim Sackton: there are. You know what we're probably once.
Tim Sackton: you know, 4 to 6 story sort of apartment blocks with interior courtyards, now mostly crumbled and cracked.
Tim Sackton: often only the 1st story, sometimes 2 stories, sometimes just the foundations remaining.
Tim Sackton: Everything here is constructed from.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The the actual stone itself seems like there's a lot of marble. There's a lot of
Tim Sackton: you know, multicolored stones, but but everything's overgrown with vines and with lichen, and it was boss, and even
Tim Sackton: at what? Like 8 Am.
Tim Sackton: The oppressive humidity of the day.
Tim Sackton: the bright sun beating down on you makes the city
Tim Sackton: the sort of ruins that you're tramping through seem even more yeah, close in. And
Tim Sackton: even without the trees growing through the middle.
Tim Sackton: it feels close and and quiet and haunted.
Tim Sackton: So, as you proceed, I mean, the road is wide enough for
Tim Sackton: all 4 of you to walk abreast if you wish just walking straight.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, because we're not expecting to.
Kate Sackton: We're we're going to the port area. Not like investigating this part of town. I don't think we have any.
Mike Sackton: I mean, is it worth having like a little bit of scouting? Or should
Mike Sackton: somebody sneak or cast a spell, or.
David S. Kong: Yeah, so I can. I'll pencil will will, you know, raise his awareness around
David S. Kong: any any living things around here, or I guess, can I? I can sense non-living things, too, or a sense.
Tim Sackton: You can sense undead, for sure. Constructs are the one thing that can fool you.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I will do that. I'll give a little little radius of you know.
David S. Kong: See what else. See? What's out there.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's quite a lot of undead
Tim Sackton: Barretts that are moving through this city.
Tim Sackton: there doesn't seem to be any immediately in your path.
Tim Sackton: They seem to mostly stick to the they're denser in the wood, in the denser jungle the more open spaces, especially with
Tim Sackton: clear sunlight above.
Tim Sackton: There's not.
Tim Sackton: There's not no undead, but definitely less dense.
Tim Sackton: But this whole city is just riddled with haunted spirits of various kinds.
Tim Sackton: like everywhere you turn your awareness. There's dozens of these haunted creatures, the restless, dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: There anything we can do to kind of.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know? Keep them off of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is your area, isn't it? Risman?
Kate Sackton: Mean if they come up to us, I can repel them, but
Kate Sackton: they're not within 30 feet of me, or something 16.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna summon a little moth using my insect spirit
Mike Sackton: to go. Just I'm just going to ask it to just flutter up about a hundred feet in the air.
Mike Sackton: and scout about 40 feet ahead of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: And if it sees anything, I mean, that's
Mike Sackton: close enough that we should still be able to see it as a little.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Small creature I'm gonna tell it to fly like
Mike Sackton: in a big circle. If there's any danger like that like like this.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you proceed along this along this.
Mike Sackton: Stop, I guess, like that. So it doesn't look so silly. But anyway oh, man.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no sign of danger, no undead approach you over the something like.
Mike Sackton: 1,500 feet between the temple. It's not far right. You're covering ground fairly quickly.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Tim Sackton: The 1,500 feet between the temple and this great plaza.
Tim Sackton: and as you approach the great plaza
Tim Sackton: there's still intact. There's this huge arch. You know, maybe 30 feet high and
Tim Sackton: 1520 feet wide, that the road runs through to enter into this this massive plaza.
Tim Sackton: vines have grown completely over it, so that you can't see any of the details of the structure itself. But the material, the like form of the arch is still standing
Tim Sackton: solidly, and you can see through on the other side just this vast expanse of
Tim Sackton: of the plaza itself.
Kate Sackton: So it's clear to like. Walk through and see the paws of the vines. Haven't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mostly obscured.
Tim Sackton: Or do we have to cut the vines?
Tim Sackton: No, the vines are like growing around the the.
Tim Sackton: the stone not dangling. You can walk through the metal easily.
Kate Sackton: Could we walk around the side of it like you can walk around.
Tim Sackton: They can walk around side of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker tries just like brushing aside some vines a little bit just in one little spot, just to see if there's anything visible in the inscription or decoration.
Tim Sackton: There is a yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Saving, throw.
Tim Sackton: No saving throw. There's what looks like a carved figure.
Tim Sackton: all you can see from, and we take a long time to clear enough to really see the details.
Tim Sackton: but it seems to be somebody
Tim Sackton: standing in front of a crowd.
Tim Sackton: hands raised, and it's like depicting like little lights or rays coming out of their hands. Wearing a crown.
David S. Kong: Does it look like anyone we know?
David S. Kong: Pollyanna.
Tim Sackton: You've never seen the Polyon.
David S. Kong: I've seen a polyon.
Tim Sackton: But only in lich form.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David S. Kong: We've seen a polyon, not English form.
David S. Kong: We've seen a Polyon kill, sacrifice a whole bunch of people to become a lawyer.
Tim Sackton: Right. You did see him.
Tim Sackton: I forgot about that. Yeah, it's a polyon.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what's what's there's just like? It's like a stone relief carving. And there's like beams coming out of his hands.
Tim Sackton: It's like beams coming out of his hands.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like one beam per hand.
Tim Sackton: No, it's like it's like it looks like rays of light, like there's 5 beams, 6 beams coming out of each hand like in a in a
Tim Sackton: like raid pattern like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: And is the crowd before him being.
Tim Sackton: How long the secret one is?
Tim Sackton: How long does a seeker want to spend carving vines away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, once I realize this is a picture of Polyon I'm like, I'll carve a little bit more.
Tim Sackton: The crowd is worshipful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David S. Kong: Is is a polyon holding a scepter of some kind.
Tim Sackton: Not holding a scepter.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's where are the beams going? I'll start like reaching up. Be like, hey dealt with. You're you're tall.
Mike Sackton: Where are they going?
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: But they don't they? This is like one panel of what seems to be many scenes, and the beams
Tim Sackton: clear up to the edge of the
Tim Sackton: at the top of this panel.
Mike Sackton: What is this like.
Tim Sackton: Rays of light shooting up into the sky, basically.
Kate Sackton: Bye, I mean, if a Polyon was a
Kate Sackton: malevolent leader of this town, we're like
Kate Sackton: clearing off old propaganda. Right? Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's all it is.
Kate Sackton: Make.
Kate Sackton: That's enough of that stuff and nonsense.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, we can keep going.
Tim Sackton: So as you enter into the great plaza, this massive plaza.
Tim Sackton: The the bare space here stretches
Tim Sackton: 600 700 feet across to the other side.
Tim Sackton: to the north, to your left.
Tim Sackton: There are several large buildings, 2 of which seem to be largely intact.
Tim Sackton: Marble buildings like big columns out front. Sort of
Tim Sackton: not temples. They don't have the same sort of domed architecture that many of the temples seem
Tim Sackton: to have here, sort of almost square sort of blocky buildings, but but elegant, with
Tim Sackton: sort of fine lines and and a lot of
Tim Sackton: carving and detail that now seems to be encased by the jungle.
Tim Sackton: The 3rd building is clear. There's no plants growing on it, but it almost looks like it's been half eaten
Tim Sackton: like it's crumbling like it almost looks like something took like a giant bite out of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I know of anything that eats buildings.
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess I mean you're still like 400 feet away
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll get. I'm curious about this one. I'll get closer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Once I met that creature that.
Mike Sackton: He ate rocks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Didn't deny. But yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Crystal mountain.
Tim Sackton: So as you get closer, you can hear now, coming from this
Tim Sackton: structure, maybe now 200 feet away, a seeker sort of walks off, drawn by his curiosity.
Tim Sackton: What sounds kind of like a
Tim Sackton: the sound of like stones rubbing against stones, and there seems to be
Tim Sackton: now that you can see something sort of crawling on the face
Tim Sackton: across most of the face of this building. It's like moving slightly. It's like shimmering a little bit.
Tim Sackton: But again, you're still 200 feet away. It's hard to tell exactly what it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does anybody have a way to look at that more closely without getting too close? Oh, it's Welby's got a telescope, but.
Mike Sackton: You mean you could cast clairvoyance right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, I don't know if I want to burn that or this, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: may as well just walk a little closer.
Kate Sackton: Is it going to help us find tokens of people where any of our people rock parasites.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I mean it's building crawling with something interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who knows what we could find out? Riswin.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, maybe whatever eats buildings is our friend.
Kate Sackton: Probably not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Our friend.
Tim Sackton: Seekers walking closer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a little bit closer.
Kate Sackton: Walking slowly closer, as Rizwin holds his arm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! Alright!
David S. Kong: There's a meme right now with with
David S. Kong: seeker walking closer, and underneath it says side quest, and then Riswin, holding the arm, and then she's.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's me!
Tim Sackton: West.
David S. Kong: Think that much.
David S. Kong: I need you.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's it's the one with the like. The 2 women.
David S. Kong: And then, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right main quest, main quest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, I'm familiar with that idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: So something is crawling on the surface of this stone building. It has a big bite out of it, and there's grinding stone
Eric Rosenbaum: sound.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think we should.
Eric Rosenbaum: Event.
Mike Sackton: Keep going.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we'll keep going. We're going to keep going.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're definitely just gonna just gonna rubberneck as we go by.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, rubberneck as we go by, and head for the other arch that leads us down the other
Kate Sackton: road to the docs right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Keep going.
Tim Sackton: So you keep walking, dragging Seeker painfully away from the swarm of stone, eating creatures.
Mike Sackton: Which was that the south building or the north, I mean these buildings.
Tim Sackton: North.
Mike Sackton: The north building. Okay, the south.
Mike Sackton: The south building also looks kind of eat on the map.
Tim Sackton: Well, maybe the.
Mike Sackton: Is it?
Mike Sackton: No, that's Alvin.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Building is Alvin, but this is like ruin. The only really intact ones are these.
Tim Sackton: I mean, the map is not perfect. Don't.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Tim Sackton: Map is complete. Gospel.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
Tim Sackton: You pass through and leave the plaza behind.
Tim Sackton: And as you step, sort of following the road.
Tim Sackton: passing through this or around this other arch that again the
Tim Sackton: the jungle seems to close in tightly, tightly around you, and there's
Tim Sackton: there's like almost mist creeping out from the shadows of these buildings.
Tim Sackton: It's as you. As you proceed down this road. It's the light of the sun grows dimmer.
Tim Sackton: and it almost feels as if you're entering. It's not.
Tim Sackton: It's not twilight. It just seems like there's a a thin layer of cloud
Tim Sackton: across the sun that's somehow turning down the entire brightness of the sky.
Tim Sackton: The air is thick and heavy, and not particularly
Tim Sackton: not. It's not, I mean, it's still hot and oppressive.
Tim Sackton: and as you keep going
Tim Sackton: You hear coming out from the buildings
Tim Sackton: on this road as you get to about here faint whispers, faint cries, please for help, desperate voices
Tim Sackton: crying out, please save us.
Tim Sackton: Come!
Tim Sackton: We need help. We're dying.
Tim Sackton: Somebody save us!
Tim Sackton: Everybody's abandoned us, please, and coughing.
Tim Sackton: I fear we won't survive much longer.
Tim Sackton: Please somebody. Help save my child, at least.
Kate Sackton: Is this common, or what language.
Tim Sackton: A variety of languages, it seems.
Tim Sackton: Common. Yes, some elven
Tim Sackton: There's a few dwarves are dwarvish voices, anyway, that seem like they're calling.
Mike Sackton: Where is it coming from? Exactly.
Tim Sackton: From the the ruined buildings on the side of the road. Both sides.
Mike Sackton: But okay. So not from like one particular building.
Eric Rosenbaum: But most of them.
Tim Sackton: No, it's I mean
Tim Sackton: it seems like loudest from like the loudest, the the most persistent calling is from coming from one building just to your right. So just from the side.
Mike Sackton: Okay. But does this feel like.
Tim Sackton: Intact.
Mike Sackton: There's like, does this feel like there's a dozen voices coming from 5 different buildings. Or are we saying this is like
Mike Sackton: a group of people from one building.
Tim Sackton: It sounds like a group of people from one building.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so it's.
Tim Sackton: Echoing. It's the the mist is thick. It's hard to it's it's increasingly hard to
Tim Sackton: locate the direction at which sound is coming. Everything seems muffled. Except for these voices.
Kate Sackton: But there's like one primarily haunted building
Kate Sackton: where the multiple places are kind of located to.
Kate Sackton: I figured if every house on the street was haunted. We could go into the ones that were haunted by elves, and maybe we get lucky with some of our.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's a clever idea!
Kate Sackton: But if they're all equally haunted by mixed races, then it doesn't matter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. What about elves? I don't understand.
Mike Sackton: We might able to find somebody who knew what's her name?
Mike Sackton: The the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Stuff that we're looking for.
Kate Sackton: The human elf, friend, person, or the like.
Mike Sackton: The elf, human friend, Paranor.
Kate Sackton: Karen, or thank Elf elf who hung out with humans.
Eric Rosenbaum: Main quest, in other words.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Always.
Tim Sackton: Keep walking. What are you doing.
Mike Sackton: I would keep. I.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I would just keep walking. I don't think we should get distracted by these temptations.
Kate Sackton: We can always come back. But I mean we're coming back this way because we want to go back to where Welby is at the Temple. So.
Tim Sackton: As you walk further down this. This road.
Tim Sackton: Again, like the temple itself, is less than
Tim Sackton: just barely a mile from where you're going. So this is not like
Tim Sackton: a long journey, even going relatively slowly. We're talking about, you know, half an hour at most.
Mike Sackton: Ready!
Tim Sackton: So as you walk the the mist.
Tim Sackton: the like fog seems to clear.
Tim Sackton: Your moth, however, flutters sign of danger
Tim Sackton: as drifting from the trees ahead.
Tim Sackton: There are about 3 dozen shadow
Tim Sackton: similar to the to the shades that you fought in the
Tim Sackton: the temple, or in the house of the Elf. They're like drift about 3 dozen sort of drifting shades that are kind of
Tim Sackton: moving slowly to drift sort of aimlessly, but begin to turn in your direction
Tim Sackton: and move down the road towards you.
Mike Sackton: How thick, I mean, did we
Mike Sackton: do we have a chance to react before they start coming towards us? Because the moth.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they're like they're like
Tim Sackton: 60 feet away when they 80 feet away, when they emerge from the shadows of the trees.
Mike Sackton: But do they immediately see us and start coming, or do we see the sign of danger like? Is it
Mike Sackton: you said there's a lot of mist. I'm trying to figure out what the visibility is like.
Tim Sackton: The visibility is almost nothing into the jungle, but the the road clutters
Tim Sackton: as they move out of the jungle onto the road, and they turn immediately, but you can react before they begin to move in your direction.
Mike Sackton: Okay, got it.
Mike Sackton: and the side of the road here is the haunted houses still.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, although the voices seem to be echoing mostly from behind you. Now.
Kate Sackton: It's the most haunted house.
Mike Sackton: Kill them, or or try and avoid them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would.
Mike Sackton: Avoid.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Mike Sackton: Is there a window with them
Mike Sackton: any quick? I mean, we probably have about what 5 seconds before.
Tim Sackton: President got a around.
Mike Sackton: Any quick thoughts on how to avoid them.
Kate Sackton: Dash.
Mike Sackton: Wait. We fought these guys before. Can they see invisible.
Tim Sackton: Were any invisible when you fought them before. I don't think so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Into the house.
Mike Sackton: Interesting.
Mike Sackton: We'll fight them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we could just hide from them. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So they're ahead of us, so we have to go past them.
Mike Sackton: Wow might drift away if we try and hide from them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And cast invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's try that. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Gets it gets.
Mike Sackton: Does it get all of us? I think it gets all of us.
Tim Sackton: There's 4 of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: And a moth.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's all of us. We're all invisible.
Kate Sackton: We just stand still in case they have better hearing or something.
Mike Sackton: I would I would I would move.
Mike Sackton: move to the side of the road. And like.
Mike Sackton: is this an accurate depiction of what it looks like?
Tim Sackton: Which close enough.
Mike Sackton: So like, so like hide, basically move.
Mike Sackton: Take a few steps towards the side of the road, and then stand still.
Mike Sackton: Next to a building.
Kate Sackton: Sure. Dallas plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: They drift down the road, come in your direction, but don't seem particularly aware of you.
Tim Sackton: and slowly begin to drift past following the road
Tim Sackton: sort of mass. As you watch them pass, you can see that there's about 35 of them.
Tim Sackton: Oh, floating sort of incorporeal, just
Tim Sackton: barely any sort of distinct features left of them. But you know
Tim Sackton: humanoid clearly as they begin to just drift past you.
Tim Sackton: You wait another 5 min.
Tim Sackton: They move past.
David S. Kong: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: For the 1st and last time in the entire campaign we intentionally avoid a combat.
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
Mike Sackton: Okay, we're invisible now. So let's just keep going. Visibility last for an hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yup! Yup!
David S. Kong: Great. Yeah, let's keep going.
Kate Sackton: Doing visibly investigate, drink, or.
Tim Sackton: So you continue down the road.
Tim Sackton: It's only from here it's only about another 500 500 feet to
Tim Sackton: sort of where the the docks are, and as the
Tim Sackton: you go, maybe 3, 400 feet, just a few more minutes of walking.
Tim Sackton: And you can see ahead of you now looming out of the
Tim Sackton: of the sort of dim mists
Tim Sackton: there's this great huge jungle tree that seems to be growing up through
Tim Sackton: the ruins of what was once a
Tim Sackton: probably 4 story large, massive, like
Tim Sackton: Hall, like it looks like one of those like indoor markets.
Tim Sackton: right? Like some huge, like expansive area of but a tree is now growing through part of it, and a lot of it is. A lot of it has collapsed, but the part facing the dock is still intact.
Tim Sackton: and it it seems like from the architecture this was once
Tim Sackton: so. The river is is only a few 100 feet
Tim Sackton: in front of you on the other side, and you can see like pass through the mists like the glint on the river. The sun seems to be shining brightly on the river.
Tim Sackton: this stretch, this like street. There's a there's a street now that you come to that runs north south, another wide thoroughfare, and coming off of that
Tim Sackton: thoroughfare there's all these like small little streets like this would have been the
Tim Sackton: tavern. This would have been like the sailors district like
Tim Sackton: a bunch of like little taverns and shops and inns, and
Tim Sackton: catering to the extensive river traffic that would have been docking and then bringing their goods for trade
Tim Sackton: through through the Customs House sterling board
Tim Sackton: period, in which Drankor was, you know, a major.
Tim Sackton: the heart of a massive empire.
Tim Sackton: Good morning.
Tim Sackton: So, looking around
Tim Sackton: You can see like the ruins of the street, and there's some buildings. Most of the buildings here, like the jungle, has grown in a fair bit.
Tim Sackton: Most of the buildings here are just foundations, and maybe 4 to 8 foot tall.
Tim Sackton: 1st floors, but there's almost nothing besides the Custom House itself. There's only almost nothing in this sort of tavern district, this area, you see, that has
Tim Sackton: intact an intact second floor.
Kate Sackton: Any labels on the doorways.
Tim Sackton: I mean you want to. You can sort of certainly poke around.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was the name of the one we're looking for?
Mike Sackton: I forget what was the name of the one we're looking for.
Tim Sackton: The laughing wave.
Eric Rosenbaum: I forget.
Mike Sackton: I'll be right back. I say.
Kate Sackton: So we look up closely, investigate every door your way that's intact, and see if we see any
Kate Sackton: symbols of.
Kate Sackton: 3.rd
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you don't have only one
Eric Rosenbaum: halfling. One would have a lower doorway, maybe like a more halfling sized set of architectural features.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's probably closer to the water, like if there's a waterfront side.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: the the first, st I mean there's this definitely seems like there was, you know. There must have it once been a number of
Tim Sackton: of taverns here.
Tim Sackton: I don't know how long do you? You're spending.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: How long do you want to spend? Explore like you're just glancing around for what you 1st see or like searching the street area, splitting up.
Kate Sackton: I think we're surely.
Kate Sackton: thoroughly and systematically, because this is like our whole end goal is, look at the tavern area for the Laughing wave.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Our whole plan for the day.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll stick together.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Storeway.
Tim Sackton: So. A good fraction of these taverns and inns are, you know, there's nothing
Tim Sackton: discernible. You do come, you know, after half an hour of searching.
Tim Sackton: you come to one area slightly north, so sort of heading, maybe up a little bit closer to the Customs House.
Tim Sackton: Where there are 2 slightly more intact taverns.
Tim Sackton: Across the street from each other, one
Tim Sackton: has walls still standing, maybe 10 to 15 feet tall.
Tim Sackton: although there's no roof, and the upper floors have collapsed into rubble that chokes the interior.
Tim Sackton: The door is rotted away, but you can see there's like an arch above the door with stone
Tim Sackton: stone carvings with 2 like waves that curl into a crescent.
Tim Sackton: and on the other side you can see
Tim Sackton: a foundation that's completely gone, except that
Tim Sackton: the the door somehow incongruously surviving. You see a statue of a pair of mermaids that are holding hands together.
Tim Sackton: forming an arch that you can walk into to enter this tavern, but everything else is destroyed. Just the
Tim Sackton: the Mermaid statue incongruously survives.
David S. Kong: Sounds, promising.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: It must be the other one, though.
Kate Sackton: Waves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The one with waves.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: You step into the tavern itself, and the interior seems to be filled with
Tim Sackton: A strange sorry hold on,
Tim Sackton: You see these sort of floating in the interior of this of this tavern space.
Tim Sackton: There are again sort of the mist, as you step in
Tim Sackton: the sun dims to almost a reddish sunset color.
Tim Sackton: And you can see
Tim Sackton: what looks like a sort of twisted conglomeration of dozens of
Tim Sackton: spirits somehow incorporeally tangled together, kind of floating
Tim Sackton: in the center of this space.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: So you enter the tavern.
Kate Sackton: Under, the.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Chandelier of spirits.
Mike Sackton: I were still.
Tim Sackton: Bye, now.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Tim Sackton: You're still invisible. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: What sort of.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make a stealth. Check everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Everybody.
Mike Sackton: 9.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're still invisible. 11.
Tim Sackton: You're not that you're not.
David S. Kong: Me too.
Tim Sackton: Quieteth group.
Tim Sackton: I mean, we'll be or sorry. Kenzo is quiet the rest of you.
Tim Sackton: I mean Riswyn's still wearing plate armor. Right? This is not.
Tim Sackton: It's fine when you're standing still.
Tim Sackton: Definitely, not a silent bunch quietly passing through the
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Doorway. Kenzo, in fact, is a silent person quietly passing through the doorway.
Tim Sackton: This cluster of spirits as you pass through, seems to
Tim Sackton: separate and pull apart into sort of 20
Tim Sackton: floating sort of creatures that all begin to.
Tim Sackton: I mean, they can't see you, but they begin to sort of converge on the source of this noise.
Tim Sackton: and you have this wave of sort of sorrow passes over you.
Tim Sackton: I.
Kate Sackton: This. This will go away when we start attacking.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I think they're going to attack you.
David S. Kong: Oh!
Kate Sackton: We saw they were.
Kate Sackton: I never mind.
Tim Sackton: You saw they were.
Kate Sackton: Saw they were there going in.
Kate Sackton: but I guess we didn't say we're walking in while attacking, so I guess they're attacking us.
Tim Sackton: No, no, you can roll initiative, in fact.
Tim Sackton: Does invisibility give you a bonus on initiative?
Tim Sackton: No, it doesn't give you an advantage on initiative. But
Tim Sackton: But Kenzo should have it. Well, Kenzo already has Antigen initiative, so it doesn't matter.
Mike Sackton: We're rolling initiative, right?
Tim Sackton: Okay, yeah, role initiative.
David S. Kong: Terrible roles.
Mike Sackton: I rolled a 20. I can live with that.
David S. Kong: Rolled a 13 and 11. Terrible for me. Penza.
Mike Sackton: That is bad.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Horrible.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, can you? Trying to count out 20? These are minions
Tim Sackton: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 1011, 1213
Tim Sackton: and as they as they so go ahead and put yourselves wherever you want
Tim Sackton: Sorry. 22 dealt with.
Mike Sackton: I can't move myself.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I'm sorry I put you on the map layer. I hate it. When that happens I'll fix. That
Tim Sackton: means they probably put all of them on the map later, too.
Tim Sackton: sorry. Sorry I should have set this up before. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: It's not going to last long.
Mike Sackton: No, I mean I don't know. I guess I'll use a spell.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I have to wait my turn, but then
Kate Sackton: I'm going to sear the undepped. So.
Mike Sackton: Ow! How many times can you do that? Do you get that back on short rest or long rest?
Kate Sackton: I get that back on long rest, but I get 3 per long rest.
Tim Sackton: Sorry Kenza rolled Kong. Where do you roll for initiative?
David S. Kong: 11, and a 1313.
Tim Sackton: 13.
Tim Sackton: I guess nobody wants to drop in the initiative order and take Kenzo's place.
Mike Sackton: I don't think there's any advantage in kinder going first.st
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Riswyn, do you? Do you want to kill them all, or should dealt with, kill them all.
Mike Sackton: Would you get for initiative?
Kate Sackton: 7.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I mean I could get almost all of them with a sickening radiance.
Mike Sackton: Any of them that failed their save will die.
Mike Sackton: LA.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: No actually.
Tim Sackton: What are you doing?
Mike Sackton: Synaptic static is even better.
Mike Sackton: because they take half as much on a successful save they probably die, even if they make their save.
Kate Sackton: Sounds good.
Mike Sackton: I'm just gonna I'm just gonna clear, but it's only 20 feet, not
Mike Sackton: not dirty feet, but still, that's a fair number right there
Mike Sackton: so deal with is here, ish, I'll I can't see that
Mike Sackton: stand sort of in the door. Ish?
Mike Sackton: I'll cast synaptic static.
Mike Sackton: Kind of like
Mike Sackton: there, maybe a little further.
Mike Sackton: Okay, like,
Mike Sackton: There, yeah, right there.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So it gets all those
Tim Sackton: go ahead so as dealt with reacts to these
Tim Sackton: creatures breaking apart and beginning to drift down towards you. And
Tim Sackton: speaks the words of his spouse. And that sorry. Let me see 31 damage.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that kills them. Even if they succeed their save, they each only have 15 hit points.
Tim Sackton: So sorry. Can you put that up again?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, maybe over. Yeah, right right there.
Tim Sackton: So about half of these creatures
Tim Sackton: can't seem to select that one, maybe because you're
Tim Sackton: oh, is that one still on the map that one's still on the map. About half of these creatures just disintegrate in a flare as Taoist spell rips through them.
Tim Sackton: As the spell goes off.
Tim Sackton: I'm emerging from the ground, you see.
Tim Sackton: A much larger creature, also seemingly made of a conglomeration of souls, all bound together, but seemingly coming from
Tim Sackton: a seller, or just deeply underground
Tim Sackton: and it is going to float, dealt with is now the only visible one.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's gonna float forward.
Tim Sackton: 40 feet towards daweth, and then everybody else is hanging back.
Tim Sackton: So it's just gonna get dealt with.
Tim Sackton: A wave of despair.
Tim Sackton: Washes out from this creature just this horrific
Tim Sackton: psychic pain, darwest. Make a wisdom saving, throw.
Kate Sackton: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Actually change. What change that? Sorry? I forgot. It's actually invisible.
Tim Sackton: You don't see this. You just feel this wave of psychic despair
Tim Sackton: kind of ruined that. Oh, well,
Tim Sackton: And you take
Tim Sackton: 33 points of psychic damage as this. Just these memories of you feel a flash of people
Tim Sackton: standing in this tavern like dancing, clinking. And then
Tim Sackton: just this big wave of fire washes through the tower.
Tim Sackton: and you hear the screams of the people, and this psychic pain watches over you.
Tim Sackton: Seeker, you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna shout to Del with what do you?
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you think? Is it worth it? Me coming in there.
Mike Sackton: There's there's there's something in here.
Mike Sackton: maybe maybe cast a spell from outside.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true, trying to figure out what I what I could actually do, though.
Mike Sackton: Do you have any area of effect? Spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I was looking around. It's like, slow.
Mike Sackton: Do anything that damages a group.
Eric Rosenbaum: Erupting earth actually is one.
Mike Sackton: How big a site, how big of
Eric Rosenbaum: 20 foot cube looks like.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Erupting earth would be perfect. Then, if it's a 20 foot cube, 20 foot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ulma, only. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: But how far from you?
Kate Sackton: How close do you have to be.
Mike Sackton: You should be, you should be able to get all of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Orange.
Mike Sackton: You should be able to get all of them with a 20 foot cube practically not quite.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can't do it like at 20 foot like it could like rotate at 45.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's probably line of sight right? So I have to get over.
Tim Sackton: You do have to get over a little bit. Kenzo, you're next.
Mike Sackton: But you can certainly get those.
Kate Sackton: It.
Mike Sackton: 5.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, alright. So I'll go.
Mike Sackton: Or you could get those 5.
Mike Sackton: I don't think you can get more than
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait! That gets you do. Those guys are those guys in the effect of the spell. If they're half.
Tim Sackton: If half is, then yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, perfect. Yeah, I'll do that one.
Mike Sackton: That gets.
Eric Rosenbaum: Shoot.
Mike Sackton: 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, think, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Erupting earth.
Tim Sackton: That's that's just enough. I actually have to make their save
Tim Sackton: because they won't die if they succeed.
Tim Sackton: but their deck save is not good. So oh, except I'm over 19.
Tim Sackton: So even with a minus one dexit, well, I'll roll for each of them one lives, dies, guys, guys.
Tim Sackton: dives, guys, guys, one lives.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somehow casting the spell, caused my
Eric Rosenbaum: air pods to disconnect. That was very strange.
Mike Sackton: Earth was erupting all around you.
Tim Sackton: The earth was erupting. So you got 7 of them, you said, sorry. Draw where that.
Mike Sackton: Right there. Do you see it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: 7 of them.
Tim Sackton: So as this earth flies forward.
Tim Sackton: there's only 3 left in a cluster over here as, drifting through the floor, you see 2 more spirits.
Tim Sackton: They look
Tim Sackton: These ones look a little bit more solid.
Tim Sackton: and they're they're wearing. They're wearing robes like ashen cloaks, like gray streaked cloaks as they begin to drift
Tim Sackton: in your direction and are going to. Let's see. Move.
Tim Sackton: I can't remember from 12345612345 next.
Tim Sackton: and now a secret is visible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, shoot!
Tim Sackton: Okay, one of them is going to target Speaker.
Tim Sackton: make our wisdom save the other is going to.
Kate Sackton: Target. Dawat. Actually, both of them will target secret, make a wisdom saving throw, make 2 wisdom seekers
Kate Sackton: scared that creatures who just got here get to have their initiative before me.
David S. Kong: So true.
Tim Sackton: No, they were. They didn't just get here. They were in the cellar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: 7, 17.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So the the 1st one, nothing happens as you shake off its effect.
Tim Sackton: But the second one
Tim Sackton: You see again a flash, an image of A,
Tim Sackton: of the memory of of this vision, of this tavern burning in fire.
Kate Sackton: And this creature is holding out its hand.
Tim Sackton: Standing there, causing the flames to erupt, and you can feel its glee and the horrific pain of the
Tim Sackton: people that are burning in the tavern and seeker. You take
Tim Sackton: 1119 points of psychic damage.
Tim Sackton: And then these memories, these images jump to Briswin and Kenzel.
Tim Sackton: who each take 7 points of psychic damage.
David S. Kong: How much? 7.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. And now it's Kenza's turn.
David S. Kong: Hold on. We have 12 temporary hit points.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Not temporary hit points. Increase your Max HP. By 12.
David S. Kong: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Like aid. It's like, Go to override Max, HP. And add 12 to it.
Tim Sackton: I might have Kenza's turn.
David S. Kong: Alright Kenzo will I guess, step into the room of Weird Shit and engage
David S. Kong: this guy over here.
Tim Sackton: You are still invisible, so your 1st attack is with advantage.
David S. Kong: We love that oh, soul, site.
Tim Sackton: Sulcite, immune to necrotic and poison damage.
Tim Sackton: This particular guy here is only Cr. 6, not super strong, immune to
Tim Sackton: charmed, frightened, grappled, paralyzed, petrified, exhausted, poisoned, restrained,
Tim Sackton: bad at con, and int, or sorry, bad at con, and strength good in there as well.
David S. Kong: Okay, that's good. Oh, good at charisma.
David S. Kong: All right, I'm gonna do aura strike.
David S. Kong: Let's see.
David S. Kong: Alright. So 1st attack with advantage.
David S. Kong: Let's see 25.
Tim Sackton: Yep, that hits.
David S. Kong: Okay? And that does 7 damage and DC con. Save 12 or 16 for ore strike.
Tim Sackton: Else.
David S. Kong: Oh, great!
Tim Sackton: Very stunned.
David S. Kong: They are stunned.
David S. Kong: Second attack staff. So if they're stunned now that I'm attacking them, do I get advantage.
Tim Sackton: All attacks have advantage. Yep.
David S. Kong: Oh, we love that. I'm gonna fuck this guy up 27 definitely hits.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: That does another 15 damage first, st unarmed, strike
David S. Kong: 22 hits, or 21 hits.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Wow! That does another 15 damage.
David S. Kong: Second unarmed strike, see. Thank goodness for advantage. Oh, no!
David S. Kong: Fucking roll the 13 this 13 probably misses. Huh!
Tim Sackton: 13 hats.
David S. Kong: What?
David S. Kong: And that does another 14 damage.
Tim Sackton: These guys unless you unless you roll in that for one.
David S. Kong: I actually rolled the natural one. But then I rolled. I rolled a 1 and a 3
David S. Kong: or I rolled a 1 and a 2 actually.
Tim Sackton: But yeah, so you can't miss unless you.
David S. Kong: Well, anyways. So I did another 14 damage to him, and then my last unarmed strike.
David S. Kong: See if I can get a crit here
David S. Kong: 27 hits, and that does another 9 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so this thing is almost dead.
David S. Kong: It's almost.
Tim Sackton: Freezes this this well, you only did 59 points of damage.
Kate Sackton: Only.
Tim Sackton: That's a that's a lot
Tim Sackton: As Kenzo freezes this undead creature in place. That unleashed the scar against
Tim Sackton: your allies and just pummels at the 3 solidifying creatures now
Tim Sackton: are going to close in on Kenzo
Tim Sackton: and make their minion attack.
Tim Sackton: As you begin to feel this again, this echo of of Sara. That's a 23 to het.
Tim Sackton: So you take 12 points of necrotic damage.
Tim Sackton: And you can't speak until the end of your next turn.
David S. Kong: Penza.
Tim Sackton: As the Kenzo, yes, as the.
David S. Kong: Right. No, I just deflect the attack.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay, go ahead and deflect the attack.
David S. Kong: Silly, Tim. Of course I'd deflect the attack.
David S. Kong: Well, actually, how much damage? Because it's it's 1 d 10 plus 19. So.
Tim Sackton: So you take 0 damage and nothing happens to you.
David S. Kong: Nothing happens. Thank you. Thank you.
David S. Kong: And
David S. Kong: And now I'm going to spend a key to
David S. Kong: reflect the attack back at them.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: So they must. Next.
David S. Kong: they must succeed on DC. 16, Dex. Deck, save or take 2D. 10 plus 5 damage.
Tim Sackton: Opt out.
David S. Kong: See this. Why this is why it was really hard to hurt. Alright.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo kills one.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I kill that one automatically. Right?
Tim Sackton: As you flip it, flip its
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait! Hold on! Can you?
Tim Sackton: Can you reflect? You can reflect any kind of damage.
Tim Sackton: Edit it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: I just that deal that ends.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That ends their turn.
Tim Sackton: Reswyn's up.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: I move
Kate Sackton: shit sorry.
Kate Sackton: Use my arrow thing to move myself. Yes.
Kate Sackton: that was the that was my moves distance right?
Kate Sackton: And then I mean, there's still.
Kate Sackton: Wait a second. Oh, you killed one of minions! You didn't kill the got you.
Tim Sackton: There's still 2 of the.
Tim Sackton: There's still 2 non-minions, 2 minions, plus something that generated a wave of psychic despair.
Kate Sackton: Right. I haven't forgot about the wave of psychic despair. Person
Kate Sackton: entity. So I still think that's numerous enough.
Kate Sackton: And me.
Mike Sackton: Turn. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: For me to see her undead.
Kate Sackton: So I raised my holy symbol at this
Kate Sackton: all of the creatures that I can see within 30 feet of me
Kate Sackton: right.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. It's your ability.
Kate Sackton: Each undead of my choice within 30 feet of me must make a DC. 18. Wisdom savings throw.
Kate Sackton: hey? Then.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Save it'll be frightened and incapacitated, and on top of that it.
Kate Sackton: or any creature that fails to save takes 5 d. 8 radiant damage.
Tim Sackton: Roll your radiant image.
Tim Sackton: the 2 remaining sort of reddish lame creatures vanish to to Riswind's
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's enough to kill that one, too, vanish to Riswin's holy symbol, as does the
Tim Sackton: the robed or cloaked fashion cloak creature that Kenza was engaged with.
Tim Sackton: This one is frightened, but not, but not dead.
Tim Sackton: That ends. Riswin's turn dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So the only thing I can see is the singer in front of me.
Tim Sackton: This thing in front of you. Yes, that is turned.
Mike Sackton: Oh, it's turned! It's running away.
Kate Sackton: Well, it's frightened and incapacitated.
Tim Sackton: Until it takes damage.
Mike Sackton: Has it been? Wait! And it took damage from something else, too.
Tim Sackton: It took damage from Briswin's searing holy power.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Tim Sackton: It has not taken any other damage.
Mike Sackton: Okay. sorry one second that is a bonus, actually.
Mike Sackton: But anyway, I'm going to go kill that thing. I think
Mike Sackton: it's incapacitated, so I have advantage.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: The 1st attack does
Mike Sackton: 12 damage.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm just rolling to see if I crit
Mike Sackton: 16 damage.
Mike Sackton: Is it still up.
Tim Sackton: Go up.
Mike Sackton: Does it seem badly hurt.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: 10 damage.
Tim Sackton: Not enough to kill it, but it's badly hurt as dealt with, runs forward and slashes 3 times at this creature with its sword.
Tim Sackton: Suddenly, then.
Mike Sackton: Oh, hold on! I might do a bonus. Wait, wait, wait! Wait!
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I'm just. I'm just hold on. I just need 2 seconds to see if there's any kind of bonus action I wanna go with.
Mike Sackton: And I don't really want to use that.
Mike Sackton: No, I think I'll let it be not. I'm not doing anything.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Suddenly this rock lifts from the ground, shaking.
Mike Sackton: The track.
Tim Sackton: This rock Oops.
Mike Sackton: Are you? I can't.
Tim Sackton: That?
Tim Sackton: Is that not?
Mike Sackton: That's.
Tim Sackton: Sorry I'm on the wrong layer.
Tim Sackton: This rock right here.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And goes flying towards
Tim Sackton: Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's keep.
Mike Sackton: Catch a rock and throw it back.
Tim Sackton: Already used his reaction.
Mike Sackton: Ow, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: That's a 26 to hit and Kenzo takes.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a big rock.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, only 7 points of bludgeoning damage.
Tim Sackton: but the rock smashes into you
Tim Sackton: And knocks you prone
Tim Sackton: and then dealt with you feel this cold
Tim Sackton: despair close in around you. As 2 full dessert.
Tim Sackton: 18 and 17 does either of those hit.
Mike Sackton: 18. No, those not hit.
Tim Sackton: Pumps stop, seeming like Wow!
Tim Sackton: Waves of force. Crash over you, and you manage to shake it off.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's throwing rocks around here?
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use catapult, probably to take out this guy next to Delwith.
Eric Rosenbaum: I probably have to get into line of sight.
Tim Sackton: I mean got to be careful not to hit dealt with.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could do.
Tim Sackton: So that you gotta move so that dealt with isn't the 1st thing it hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: But if I'm like right here, that's that's fine, right.
Tim Sackton: Okay, no, that's gonna run straight. Smack into Delhi.
Mike Sackton: You have to be like here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bit there, maybe.
Tim Sackton: That's probably that's okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I could do a pretty small amount of damage, and it will take it out. Probably.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. I can.
Tim Sackton: Kenza took 7 points of bludgeoning damage, and was knocked prone by a giant rock that flew into you.
David S. Kong: What that all seems unlikely.
Mike Sackton: Yes, can I use a 1st Level catapult? It's only 3D, 8. Yeah, that that's probably okay.
David S. Kong: I've ever been prone before. So this all feels not right.
Tim Sackton: Natural 20. So it dodges.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: And the Cataball Rock smacks into the back wall of the tavern.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've never missed with catapult before. That's crazy.
Tim Sackton: And seeker's turn.
Tim Sackton: This, I believe, is no longer turned because it took damage right.
Tim Sackton: The effect ends when it takes damage.
Kate Sackton: Back then, wouldn't it.
Tim Sackton: So it is going to reach out for Dawith.
Tim Sackton: No, that's a 13, and miss as dues shield blocks its touch.
Tim Sackton: Kansas app.
David S. Kong: So if I want to make myself unprone, is that a whole action or.
Tim Sackton: No half your movement to stand up.
David S. Kong: Oh, all right. Well, then, I will stand up
David S. Kong: very annoyed that somebody knocked me down because Kenzie can't remember that happening in a battle like any time recently.
David S. Kong: And Kenzel will go and engage
David S. Kong: This guy.
David S. Kong: the Tim, I'm assuming same characteristics as the other other people.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: So 1st attack 22. Do I still get advantage?
David S. Kong: No, right.
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: Well, I do. I do, Tim. The 1st attack of the 22 that hits right.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah. So a d con, 16, save.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. It's stunned.
David S. Kong: Hell, yeah, all right, I'm gonna continue to hopefully kill it now.
David S. Kong: So second staff attack is 21 that hits.
Tim Sackton: How much damage did the 1st one do.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit! I don't think I rolled damage. Actually. So the 1st one, I did 7 damage
David S. Kong: this last attack. I did another 7 damage.
David S. Kong: Okay. First, st unarmed. Strike let's see.
David S. Kong: 24 hits.
David S. Kong: I do another 10 damage.
David S. Kong: Second, unarmed. Strike.
Tim Sackton: No! It's dead.
David S. Kong: Nice!
Tim Sackton: So as you rush forward your
Tim Sackton: staff hits it, knocking it, stunning it again, and then with your second
Tim Sackton: hit, and then your punch again. This.
Tim Sackton: a creature wearing this sort of ghostly ashen cloak, vanishes.
Tim Sackton: You still feel like this cold sorrow sort of dripping through your body.
David S. Kong: Still feel that.
Tim Sackton: Like. On the back of your neck.
David S. Kong: Well, I object that feeling.
Tim Sackton: Our style.
David S. Kong: I'm immune to everything. Tim
David S. Kong: Kenzo Kenzo, like, you know, Kenzo strengthens his own aura and just like expands it outwards. Whatever is there just pushes it off of his neck like literally, just like
David S. Kong: goes from the inside, very, very powerful, and then just starts expanding outwards, pushing
David S. Kong: whatever that feeling is off the back of his neck, or he tries to.
Tim Sackton: Make a make a wisdom, check.
David S. Kong: 12 is, I only have a plus 3 wisdom check. Is that true?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, nothing. Happens.
David S. Kong: It stays.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: That's annoying.
Tim Sackton: Brisbane. Are you doing anything?
Kate Sackton: Well, I mean, I guess I'll just
Kate Sackton: be curious about the fireplace and move over here.
Kate Sackton: Has that thing is dead right? I don't know why you didn't disappear. It.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry! This thing is dead! Yes.
Kate Sackton: So there's no visible enemies. We know something is around making us feel uncomfortable.
Kate Sackton: So I'm just gonna move.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Is my really operate technology. He.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Deal with. Do you want to do anything.
Mike Sackton: That we know something's around making us feel uncomfortable.
Tim Sackton: Seems to be.
Mike Sackton: I'll see invisible.
Tim Sackton: You are surrounded by a swirling mass of spirits.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: All connected together into some horrific tangled mess of limbs and screaming faces surrounding currently you and Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: Fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: Eric.
David S. Kong: Can risman do a like stop all that spell.
Tim Sackton: Well, it obviously made it save the 1st time she can try again.
Mike Sackton: I will?
Mike Sackton: Asked sickening radiance.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Covering that 30 feet, making Rizwyn making all 4 of us immune.
Mike Sackton: That'll be my turn.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: What's the save con?
Mike Sackton: No, I don't think it's Con. I think it's
Mike Sackton: sorry my spells aren't scrolling sickening radiance. Nobody has 18, con.
Tim Sackton: Okay, it fails.
Mike Sackton: So it becomes visible.
Tim Sackton: Yup, all of you can see. Where do you put it like? There.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, all of you can now see the swirling mass of conjoined ghosts.
Mike Sackton: It also takes 30 points of radiant damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And if it's not a meeting.
Tim Sackton: Now not immune to radiant damage.
Mike Sackton: No, and if it's not immune to exhaustion, it takes a level of exhaustion.
Tim Sackton: It is immune to exhaustion.
Tim Sackton: Most incorporeal undead are.
Mike Sackton: I figured.
Tim Sackton: Immune to exhaustion. It is now going to attack.
Tim Sackton: Let me see if that any changes. That's a 20
Tim Sackton: 7 to hit Delworth, and a 13 to hit Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: That'll hit.
Tim Sackton: And that is 13. Obviously misses Kinza. Right? So again, a wave of like force strikes, dealt with doing
Tim Sackton: 17 points of damage. Another one strikes for Kenzo, but he easily dodges out of the way.
Tim Sackton: Seeker, do you want to do anything to the giant? Massive, faintly glowing, conjoined, haunted faces.
Eric Rosenbaum: It does seem that I should do something. Do we have a soul site on it yet?
Mike Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Not till Kenza's turn, which is after yours.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, it's not an effect, so I can't dispel. It probably shouldn't try to.
Tim Sackton: It's definitely an undead creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's an undead creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: is. Catapult is a magic magical attack that could hurt it, even if it's incorporeal. Is that true?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: That I could do.
Tim Sackton: Be careful not to accidentally hit Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, he's like in the middle of it. There.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, I can't. Can I not see him anymore?
Tim Sackton: No, you can see them around the
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. I'll just try another.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I could do a higher level catapult, I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: 4th Level, 3rd Level, 4th Level Catapult.
Tim Sackton: Deck save
Tim Sackton: not graded decks. Nope, that's a 6.
Tim Sackton: So a rock, turning its own tricks against it, slams into it
Tim Sackton: as it takes 36 points of bludgeoning damage that ends seeker's turn. Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Soul, site.
Tim Sackton: It's Dr. 9. It's immune to cold, necrotic, and poison damage.
Tim Sackton: resistant to acid fire, lightning, and thunder.
Tim Sackton: immune to all the standard incorporeal, undead, charmed exhaustion, frightened, grappled, paralyzed, petrified poison, prone, restrained.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Good at charisma, and wisdom, bad at strength and intelligence.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: bad at strength and intelligence. Huh?
Tim Sackton: Good at charisma, and wisdom.
David S. Kong: Well, that's annoying.
David S. Kong: Alright, I will attack it.
David S. Kong: Good at wisdom and charisma.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: I'll still try to aura strike it so 1st it's
Tim Sackton: Which one's done.
David S. Kong: Yes. Done. Con. 1627. Hits.
Tim Sackton: The office can't save.
David S. Kong: Hell. Yeah. Dude, this shit is so fucking useful.
David S. Kong: All right. That one does 16 damage, Tim. Second staff attack with advantage. Now,
David S. Kong: 23 hits. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: That does another 13 damage.
David S. Kong: 1st unarmed. Strike 20 hits.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: That does 13 damage. How's he looking.
Tim Sackton: Bloodied.
David S. Kong: Second unarmed strike.
David S. Kong: 2726 hits!
David S. Kong: That does 13 more damage.
David S. Kong: Last attack.
David S. Kong: 24 hits, and I do another 9 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay. As Kenzo rushes forward, fumbling, this creature
Tim Sackton: locked in place now by his stun.
Tim Sackton: The swirling mass stops moving for a second, and it's quite easy to hit as rizwin.
Tim Sackton: What do you want to do.
Kate Sackton: I'm gonna rush in and wail on it with shatterstorm.
Tim Sackton: Okay advantage because it's stunned.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: Oh, wait! I didn't roll. Never versatile role.
Kate Sackton: 1st role was a 19. So.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that hits.
Kate Sackton: May as well roll again, because he might crap.
Tim Sackton: Now.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: Do you want to use the damage I rolled already? Or should I just roll again.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no, go ahead. I mean, that's gonna kill it. So
Tim Sackton: Riswind rushes forward and hits it with shadow storm as the holy aura of the far as our
Tim Sackton: is channeled through a weapon, and the spirits dissipate
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: the aura of sadness that lingers in this place does not quite go away. But there's nothing actively trying to kill you
Tim Sackton: as you turn and look around.
Mike Sackton: So what's here?
Tim Sackton: Very little actually
Kate Sackton: Please.
Kate Sackton: Rocks.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's a fireplace.
Tim Sackton: So it's like, clear the foundation of an inn. But a lot of the roof has collapsed into rubble.
Tim Sackton: There are.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can poke to the rubble if somebody wants to search. But there's nothing I mean, there's no upper story.
Tim Sackton: There's no at least obvious stairs stairs down.
Tim Sackton: There's basically.
Kate Sackton: We need it housing.
Tim Sackton: Well, they came up through the ground, probably a basement, but there's not an obvious stairs down. That's what I just said.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'll do tremor, sense.
Tim Sackton: There is a cellar directly underneath you, relatively small one, things
Tim Sackton: so actually not directly underneath you where you are, but it's like the back 3rd of the
Tim Sackton: of the tavern.
Eric Rosenbaum: As a seller.
Kate Sackton: Meaning depending on how badly we think the
Kate Sackton: interesting. I could burrow down into it.
Eric Rosenbaum: There might be still some casks.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we're looking for some clue that this is the right id.
Mike Sackton: If so, some evidence of the person right.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: I mean, the sellers probably are. Sounds like there's not much
Mike Sackton: here. I would I would look at the seller.
Kate Sackton: Well, I'll spend. Can I like roll something, or spend some time picking through the rubble.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if anybody wants to pick through the rubble, you certainly can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'll dig around.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: A hub.
Kate Sackton: So we all dig around.
Tim Sackton: Everybody.
Kate Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Okay, go ahead and everybody roll perception check. You spend
Tim Sackton: 15 min searching in the rubble.
Tim Sackton: I actually have to pay attention because you're not guaranteed to roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: There. Okay, somebody rolled higher than 2018, basically.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Well, Delweth.
Tim Sackton: this is one downside to Schwartz. Not being here, I design all my adventures, assuming that you can't roll lower than a 25 on perception checks.
Tim Sackton: But you're now at risk of missing crucial clues, but you didn't, so it's fine. I would give it to you another way
Tim Sackton: so deal with finds 2 things hidden in the rubble.
Tim Sackton: The 1st there is a trap. There's you see, the handle of a trapdoor like a stone
Tim Sackton: like this was clearly once a stone tiled floor, and
Tim Sackton: it it looks like, maybe like behind where the bar used to be, or the trapdoor that went down to the cellar like the bar probably used to be like here. Sort of.
Tim Sackton: and the trapdoor is here sort of under the branch oops under the branches of this tree, but it's like 2 thirds covered by rock. It would take
Tim Sackton: 15 or 20 min to clear
Tim Sackton: There is also mixed in among the debris.
Tim Sackton: You can see, what looks like the fragments again, sort of up.
Tim Sackton: Basically, Dawood finds a chunk of the the debris that used to be like this big stone bar that's been kicked in. And
Tim Sackton: there are. There's the trap door to the cellar. There's also fragments of
Tim Sackton: a painted bowl that's been shattered
Tim Sackton: into maybe 40 pieces, but maybe once was a quite large punch bowl, depending on how long you want to spend collecting the pieces, you can probably, you know, reconstruct, and it
Tim Sackton: the 4 pieces that dealt with fine seems to be
Tim Sackton: like the the paint is vivid and bright and undimmed by time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Has it got a figurative design on it, or writing.
Kate Sackton: Obviously.
Tim Sackton: So it looks.
Kate Sackton: And chip.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you'd have to spend some time trying to find more pieces in order to.
Eric Rosenbaum: These are. These are small fragments, right? Like it's colorful paint. Looks like, maybe.
Tim Sackton: Part of a what it actually looks like to you is like, maybe part of fireworks.
Tim Sackton: like a painting of like a firework display.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I mean, still early in the morning. Right? What's another 15 min moving rubble and looking for pieces of shattered bull.
Tim Sackton: Like 9 at the latest. Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's reassemble that I'm.
Kate Sackton: Cleared the in.
Kate Sackton: Some of us work on reassembling that, and some of us work on clearing the solar back door.
Kate Sackton: Got it? Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I can use mold earth to clear the rubble.
Tim Sackton: It. It would help yeah, for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speed, that up.
Tim Sackton: The.
Tim Sackton: So, as you you know, you take half an hour or so. You get the seeker gets the cellar door clear pretty quickly, aided by magic.
Tim Sackton: It does take a good bit of time to reassemble enough of this
Tim Sackton: punch bowl to sort of see what it once was, but it seems to be depicting
Tim Sackton: quite an intricate design that's showing
Tim Sackton: like the the bottom is painted like an ocean, with waves that are like splashing up and dancing and then shooting out of the waves, are these brightly colored fireworks.
Tim Sackton: and this whole thing is painted in.
Tim Sackton: you know, sort of bright, cheerful colors, like yellows and blues and reds.
Tim Sackton: It once must have been like a grand centerpiece of of the bar, or something. It would hold enough
Tim Sackton: punch to keep a crowd, drinking for some time.
Eric Rosenbaum: So arcana waves, arcana, wise fireworks shooting out of waves.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a weird idea. Is there anything that I've heard of like that.
Tim Sackton: It it looks, I mean, seeker is not like an art historian, but it looks just decorative to you, not.
Tim Sackton: There might have been some faint enchantment on this to preserve the paint, or maybe it was painted with magical paint, because.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like most of what you've seen, has been tarnished in.
Tim Sackton: Worn down and sort of decayed by time.
Tim Sackton: The item itself is not really magical and doesn't seem to be. Your secret sense is, this isn't like a
Tim Sackton: strange magic. This is like an artful, just somebody who is being creative with playing with.
Tim Sackton: you know, the juxtaposition of dancing waves and sparkling lights.
David S. Kong: So we're we're looking for an item right?
Tim Sackton: Well, right. So Kenzo's rumor Kenzo can like soul site to try and find
Tim Sackton: connection to one of these souls.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll do that.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: yes, you you actually feel the pull of some something not I mean the Punch Bowl. Yes, although
Tim Sackton: you feel like this is maybe not the
Tim Sackton: This this was probably handled by Serafina, but it's not like a strong momento.
Tim Sackton: You do feel a tug from the from the cellar, in the cellar door.
David S. Kong: We're going down there. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The seller is quiet and cool.
Tim Sackton: Morning by 9 o'clock is getting quite hot.
Tim Sackton: But down in the cellar underground there's this sort of constant, cool stone. It's actually reasonably well preserved.
Tim Sackton: You can see where casks of ale have rotted away to nothing but stained the floor like a ring where the the ale was.
Tim Sackton: There is a wooded chest that seems to have completely rotted away to almost nothing.
Tim Sackton: The it's locked and rusted shut, but it looks like a good solid kick could probably
Tim Sackton: shatter the rotting wood and there is a stone shelf that seems to have like little
Tim Sackton: casings of something that this is what's pulling?
Tim Sackton: What's pulling Kenzo's soul sense?
Tim Sackton: And as you approach closer, this like
Tim Sackton: this is like a shelf where fireworks were stored.
Tim Sackton: These are like, everything's decayed right? So there's no nothing can be lit anymore. No fireworks can be
Tim Sackton: launched. But this is what's pulling. Kenzo's soul sense is this collection of remnants of fireworks.
David S. Kong: How we collect them.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Metal fireworks, casings, I mean. We also kicked the lock off the
Kate Sackton: the king chest carefully, and like peek in to see if there's anything else.
Kate Sackton: Memento e.
Tim Sackton: There's about a thousand coins, mostly silver.
Tim Sackton: A thousand silver, 80 gold, although actually, strangely, Kenza does get a ping, not of Serafina, but of
Tim Sackton: what was his name? Her name Kemet of Targu.
David S. Kong: Good.
David S. Kong: Well.
Kate Sackton: Spent money at this establishment.
Tim Sackton: Spent money at this establishment.
David S. Kong: Perfect.
Tim Sackton: Not all of the coins are drankorian. There's a mix of some strange foreign coins.
David S. Kong: I swift through. I sift through to find the very specific coins that are connected to to them.
Tim Sackton: So 1st of all, I should say, as you collect the firework casings, the like metal casings of the fireworks.
Tim Sackton: you have a brief flash vision of
Tim Sackton: people sitting on the roof of this inn, and
Tim Sackton: watching fireworks bursting over the river.
Tim Sackton: And then you search. You sort to the coins, and you can.
Tim Sackton: There's about a dozen silver coins with a
Tim Sackton: I mean, they're pretty faded. It's hard to see the design, but it's like a it's like a
Tim Sackton: a sort of mountain design with
Tim Sackton: like a mountainous island, basically. And then a face of somebody on the front. But they definitely don't look drankorian.
David S. Kong: And they seem to at least have been.
Tim Sackton: Handled by Kevin. There's like an echo.
Tim Sackton: A coin is probably not a great memento, but
Tim Sackton: this person clearly spent money in the taverns along the docks.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I know anything about what
Eric Rosenbaum: holiday would have been celebrated by with fireworks? Here.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's a half wing tavern. It could be just.
Tim Sackton: you know. It's a nice day out today. Let's have fireworks.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see halflings are into that.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there could be specific holidays. But like what holidays
Tim Sackton: you could ask Robbie when you get back.
Tim Sackton: as far as you know, like Welby's, never talked extensively about like
Tim Sackton: Major halfling holidays, or anything like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I randomly know about a lot of religious stuff now.
Tim Sackton: That's true. There aren't really.
Tim Sackton: There aren't really like Major Halfling, I mean, there's nothing like the Danmari festivals, or like Paravala, or any of the
Tim Sackton: you know big, I mean
Tim Sackton: Karavala. That thing you celebrated in Toland was a holiday of the 8 divines of Mas Numuna.
Tim Sackton: Oma, you know for sure was celebrated and drank, or it could have been fireworks there. But but the
Tim Sackton: the vibe is much more. This wasn't like associated with I mean the the Punch Bowl is decorated with fireworks like you really get the sense that the
Tim Sackton: whoever owned this tavern just light fireworks.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see in a more secular way.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, exactly.
Tim Sackton: There's not like a halfling religious holiday that's associated with fireworks or anything.
Kate Sackton: Had them at their birthday party when they turned 11. You know.
Tim Sackton: That sort of thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice. Yeah, exactly.
David S. Kong: So you said the coin had like a like a there's like a an island with with the what was on the coin again that that was.
Tim Sackton: The one the one side has what looks like
Tim Sackton: an island sort of a mountain stretching up out of the sea like this sort of classic image of like a volcanic
Tim Sackton: peak, a mountainous peak of an island rising from the ocean, and then a face, a worn down face on the other side.
David S. Kong: Do we do? We know what that is?
David S. Kong: It's like, based on our collective knowledge of Talgar than any any place feel familiar.
Tim Sackton: It's it's probably Targu.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's target you again.
Mike Sackton: Who knows?
Tim Sackton: Met of Targu.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somewhere.
Mike Sackton: Far away.
Tim Sackton: It's from.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Mike Sackton: But I mean, is this enough of a this is a sufficient momentum from this person, or do we think it's.
Tim Sackton: It's weak, it's not.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you don't really know how this works. Right like this is clearly something they handled.
Tim Sackton: It's unclear, whether, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: it doesn't like to, you know.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo's soul sense is, you know, can tell you
Tim Sackton: like the lingering traces of these 7 people.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: The Punch bowl was clearly something that Serafina handled, and has a sort of weak aura about her.
Tim Sackton: The fireworks are something she loved.
Tim Sackton: and has a strong aura. This is a weak aura.
David S. Kong: Well, let's keep it. We don't find anything else, you know. Maybe this will be do the trick, but if not, you know, see if we can find something.
Tim Sackton: Make it. Will that increase the DC. That's required in order to succeed on the skill challenge to
Tim Sackton: those 3?
Tim Sackton: Yes, won't be as easy as having a strong token. But it's not.
Tim Sackton: It's definitely something right.
Tim Sackton: It's just a question of whether you want to look elsewhere.
Kate Sackton: And if we check other taverns we could find
Kate Sackton: you could stumble on traces of
Kate Sackton: had one. I'm gonna just say that we're we're wrong forever.
Kate Sackton: Hair more.
Mike Sackton: Part paranoid.
Tim Sackton: Or in our.
Kate Sackton: Her.
Mike Sackton: Power, Board.
Kate Sackton: I've ever gotten.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: That.
Kate Sackton: I mean, we have to brawl with the like undead in every tavern we enter, but, like maybe.
Mike Sackton: Don't do. We have to. I mean.
Mike Sackton: okay. So we pack up the fireworks. We pack up the
Mike Sackton: you may as well pack up the bowl, too. We pack up the.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Pack up the coins right.
Mike Sackton: We at least have something from 6 of 7. Now, right.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: I'm just saying, if we think that
Kate Sackton: the same line of approach might turn up something like this, this sort of
Kate Sackton: happening social area of the town might turn up something that connects to the 7, th
Kate Sackton: and we could maybe find something better about Targu.
Kate Sackton: Then it might be worth trying. Another bar.
Mike Sackton: Did we see Targu dying in the mirror vision now, right.
Tim Sackton: The only one that you saw dying, I believe, was well, let me find the mirror vision.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't. We don't know anything about like the race or gender of Kemeth. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Kemet. I keep saying target, but I mean Kemet.
Tim Sackton: Targu is where Kemet is from.
Mike Sackton: Kemet of Targoon. Yeah, no, I don't think we do.
Tim Sackton: No cause in the mirror. All you could see was
Tim Sackton: the wrists of the people who died. So you did not see any.
Mike Sackton: Could we see 7 wrists.
Eric Rosenbaum: 14, or whatever.
Tim Sackton: It jumps the time jumps so that we don't really know how many people.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: But you could see.
Tim Sackton: Any faces. You couldn't see any details.
Eric Rosenbaum: But none of them have scales, or feathers, or fur, or anything.
Tim Sackton: No, you only saw to the extent to which you can
Tim Sackton: cow species by looking at the wrists, only human like so elf, dwarf, halfling human, no stoneborn, no
Tim Sackton: wizard folk, no Tenku.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right
Tim Sackton: I mean, you have about a million ways of asking for help. So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's try one of those good point.
Kate Sackton: I mean, like, ask, should we try searching in bars in this area for traces of the paranore
Kate Sackton: like that's we're allowed to say, like this is a plan. This is a good plan. That's 1 of our.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: Oh, excuse me.
Mike Sackton: I'm very tired tonight.
Mike Sackton: Searching for another trace of Kemet.
Kate Sackton: Well, we're or do we just need?
Kate Sackton: I guess we can't. Do. We have any ideas for traces of
Kate Sackton: heroin work like I've sort of given up on Kemet because we have something.
Mike Sackton: See, I'm taking the opposite approach. I still think
Mike Sackton: my feeling would be. We have evidence that Kemet was around here.
Kate Sackton: Me!
Mike Sackton: So let's poke around some more and search more to see if we can find better information about Kemet.
Kate Sackton: And I think the same thing that Kim was around here, and we'll probably stumble along more information if we spend more time here.
Kate Sackton: But I wonder if it's we might also find something about
Kate Sackton: the Para, nor, or if we have to like, look somewhere else entirely.
Kate Sackton: So I think we're going to ask the question, Is this a good place to look around for the paranor? If they say no, we can still decide.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: It's a good use of questioning.
Mike Sackton: Do you get one question, or do you also get 5 questions.
Kate Sackton: I'm was just pulling that up when I had to like click around
Kate Sackton: one question about a goal event or activity to occur within 7 days.
Kate Sackton: This is this ritual. I can cast it as a ritual, so I don't even burn a spell. Slot.
Mike Sackton: You only cast it once every 7 days, or it's just any event.
Kate Sackton: Past it more than once before finishing a long rest, it gets less likely to help.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: And cast it as much as I want.
Mike Sackton: Let's do it.
Kate Sackton: Consumes 25 gold pieces.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. This is divination.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: How long does it take you to cast.
Tim Sackton: 10 min as a ritual.
Tim Sackton: Anybody can't do anything in those 10 min.
Mike Sackton: Well, I was thinking about.
Mike Sackton: Do we have time to short rest? I could use healing.
Tim Sackton: I mean, the seller seems reasonably free of any
Tim Sackton: immediate danger. If you want a short rest.
Mike Sackton: What do people think?
David S. Kong: Yeah, definitely, I need, I need to get some feedback. That'd be great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So it'll be about 10 when you've finished.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead.
Tim Sackton: Am, boys.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's fine.
Tim Sackton: 10. Am. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Speaker will do. I need to forego the short resting to be failing? I mean, you can.
Tim Sackton: Take a short rest for an hour and 10 min instead of an hour. It doesn't make that much difference.
Mike Sackton: But also, what do you get from a short rest? Just.
Kate Sackton: Like. I don't need a short like. I don't get very much from a short rest, and I'm
Kate Sackton: not at all damaged so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I should heal myself! We got.
Kate Sackton: Not exactly.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: If I didn't get the short rest it wouldn't matter at all.
Kate Sackton: Rest. Nothing will happen.
Kate Sackton: It's just.
Tim Sackton: So you get back one
Tim Sackton: Channel divinity on a short rest. You get them all back on the long rest and one on a short rest.
Kate Sackton: Oh, I can explain. I can regain one expended use after finishing sures. Oh, cool.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Fine. I will shortly.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so what's your spell?
Tim Sackton: What's your question for the gods.
Kate Sackton: Is searching this and other tavern like buildings of this region, promising approach to look for the.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the bars. I'll return and say, the Paranar
Tim Sackton: minaris.
Tim Sackton: What would they say?
Tim Sackton: the.
Tim Sackton: I don't know how to phrase this as like this. This spell is annoying, because
Tim Sackton: I guess it can just be a short answer. Right? So
Kate Sackton: Short answer. You don't have to poetically rhyme.
Tim Sackton: I know, I know.
Tim Sackton: The docs contain many clues about things that pass to and from Drankor, including those that minaret sought.
Kate Sackton: I think the bear hair, Roselle, are hinting that we should go all the way to the docks instead of just staying here in the
Kate Sackton: tavern neighborhood.
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean everybody just the other side of the street, pretty much.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well, the Custom House at the other side of the street.
Mike Sackton: Everybody.
Mike Sackton: Everybody. Take heroic inspiration. By the way.
Mike Sackton: deal with Yummy treats after the short rest back at breakfast.
Mike Sackton: I've had 8. Okay, one of those.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Thou, as you emerge back into the heat of the day after your rest.
Tim Sackton: Where do you want to head.
Mike Sackton: Custom House.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Bitten by the dock of the bay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's cool.
Tim Sackton: So you continue up this street.
Kate Sackton: I'm still in the tavern map.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, I didn't change the map.
Tim Sackton: You continue up this street.
Tim Sackton: I'll go back to the Draco map.
Tim Sackton: It's not far.
Tim Sackton: A few 100 feet at most. You sort of pass through this tavern district, and you see a few more
Tim Sackton: shadowy haunts lurking in taverns that you quickly pass by hurriedly, and you come then, to
Tim Sackton: the Custom House.
Tim Sackton: This is a large sort of market building, a stone structure with a partially collapsed roof it seems to have been partially made of stone and partially like metal and glass that formed this giant sort of
Tim Sackton: light hall for traders. A record office. There's a
Tim Sackton: on this side facing the facing the street. There's a courtyard with a large arch.
Tim Sackton: That leads in of like
Tim Sackton: something like that ish like this sort of decorated
Tim Sackton: entryway. And there's a giant tree growing up about halfway.
Tim Sackton: The front half of this of this
Tim Sackton: customs houses. Well, the office in the street is intact, but
Tim Sackton: near the docks, sort of on the dock, half of a giant tree that grows halfway up through it.
Tim Sackton: That door is
Tim Sackton: wide open rotted. Whatever wooden door used to dance here has been rotted away, and there's just a passageway that looks in.
Mike Sackton: Go in right.
Kate Sackton: So do we have to go through the Customs House to get to the like the literal dock like when we were looking at our doppelgangers. They were like hanging out on an actual dock
Kate Sackton: right? There's the several docs on this picture.
Tim Sackton: I mean, if you want to go around the Custom House instead of through the Custom House.
Mike Sackton: But aren't we like.
Tim Sackton: Could.
Mike Sackton: Basically here.
Tim Sackton: You're basically there, yeah.
Mike Sackton: And this is the Custom House more or less. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I know the map's not perfect, but the custom. It's like you're coming up on
Mike Sackton: on the Longfellow, on the Long Wharf from the Greenway side, and the custom houses there, and you have to either go around or through it to get out onto the dock right.
Kate Sackton: Okay, I misunderstood where we've been this whole time, and I was wondering why there were no buildings where we were supposedly in buildings south of the.
Tim Sackton: I'm sorry I cannot spend hours adding every building to the map.
Mike Sackton: There's a whole cluster of.
Kate Sackton: Went south of the thing already, so I thought we were already on the
Kate Sackton: I don't know how to make the like pingy thing, but.
Mike Sackton: Just hold!
Kate Sackton: I thought we were here.
Tim Sackton: Okay, no. You're like you're like, here.
Kate Sackton: Okay, that's why I was confused.
Tim Sackton: Or whatever.
Kate Sackton: I asked, where are we? And
Kate Sackton: can we get there from here?
Kate Sackton: Okay, thank you for just explaining where we are.
Kate Sackton: I don't mean there's anything wrong with the map, I mean. I don't understand where we are.
Tim Sackton: So sorry you're going into the custom. S.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: So as you step through the doors, the you can see.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Let me find my map here.
Tim Sackton: So you're in a kind of large run.
Tim Sackton: Maybe
Tim Sackton: you know a hundred, 150 feet across. You just pass through the arch and about 50 feet in front of you. You can see another
Tim Sackton: large archway.
Tim Sackton: There's sort of vines and tangled wood tangled plants growing on the floor, but the roof
Tim Sackton: is intact above you.
Tim Sackton: There's a series of alcoves. There's a wall that that you know. Actually, you can just map
Tim Sackton: I hear, Isaac. So hold on one sec. Look at the map. You you came in through this door?
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Is it good?
Tim Sackton: That's cool, retired congratulations.
Tim Sackton: How many sorry?
Tim Sackton: Wait! Can you see on this map anything.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So there's an arch. There's these walls.
Tim Sackton: You can see actually the rooms that you wouldn't be able to see. But.
Mike Sackton: I see a giant plant that I think is gonna attack us.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's growing there. It doesn't seem to be moving to attack you.
Tim Sackton: There's shafts of light shining down through into this big front open room,
Tim Sackton: where there's holes in the roof.
Tim Sackton: and rain and dirt has accumulated on the floor.
Tim Sackton: and there's nothing, really that you can see, or anything that Kenzo senses in this room.
Kate Sackton: So no vibes of dead people yet.
Tim Sackton: No vibes of dead people here.
David S. Kong: What's that cool chest thing.
Kate Sackton: Dead people or bad dead people.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can keep entering further into the run.
David S. Kong: Any objects, Tim, that connect with anybody.
Tim Sackton: Coming from deeper in the in the
Tim Sackton: Custom House, coming from sort of this direction roughly.
Tim Sackton: you can sense a vibe from Kemet, nothing from the paranor.
David S. Kong: Go to the Kemet object.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: which sorry I wasn't on roll 20 when you said this direction. I was on the zoom. What? What?
Mike Sackton: And.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so here, let me.
Mike Sackton: Things might get complicated for you shortly. So.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, let me give you some tokens.
Tim Sackton: and you walk through this great arch, and you turn left.
Mike Sackton: When we say left, are we go? Do we mean this left.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's where the no, that this 1 1st one.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: So as you approach this room
Tim Sackton: you can see it's filled with like a swirling lip, red mist.
David S. Kong: Oh, no! That occasionally forms into this giant.
Tim Sackton: Creature, and in the in the back, in the far corner there's like a large pile of bones.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and.
Tim Sackton: There is also strangely preserved wooden chest
Tim Sackton: right here that seems like it must be magical, because
Tim Sackton: no other wood has survived in drankor.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Tim Sackton: This is what you see before you enter the room.
Mike Sackton: Okay. But that red mist thing I mean is there a way we cannot fight the Red Mist thing?
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'm not asking you. I'm asking other people.
Tim Sackton: Excellent.
Mike Sackton: Ideas.
David S. Kong: I don't think so.
Mike Sackton: Red mist just gives me like bad vibes.
David S. Kong: Throwback to other red mists.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
Kate Sackton: I'm just not sure with any other approach. No.
David S. Kong: Can't.
David S. Kong: There's been just like, you know, like
David S. Kong: how much to leave and make it make it like you know.
Kate Sackton: You know I could just storm in there with my holy symbol and see what it thinks of it. Maybe it will leave.
David S. Kong: Buck, do we just roll initiative and kill it?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: share.
Kate Sackton: I mean, if we agree that we think it's gonna outnumber us or something.
Kate Sackton: and we want to just wait till wherever my turn is. And after I
Kate Sackton: let's let's see, let's see how I go on my initiative, and then you can. You can take it.
David S. Kong: Lightly.
Kate Sackton: All right, his point being, if I if I do my thing and it
Kate Sackton: starts running away, then if we keep attacking it, it will stop running away right for that feature
Kate Sackton: if we want to just let it run away. We should agree on that
Kate Sackton: But we can discuss that later, like you said, let's Rolling mission.
David S. Kong: I rolled a 20 and a 12.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you guys probably are like here, because otherwise you're gonna be able to see it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But it doesn't seem to be particularly. It's not like chasing you out of the room or anything. It seems to be staying in this room
Tim Sackton: Kenza rolled a 20 rizra moved a 13.
David S. Kong: Okay?
David S. Kong: Yeah, 12, yeah, 20.
Mike Sackton: 22. My second natural 20 on initiative roll.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sleepy, with a 7.
Tim Sackton: Do you want to switch anything up.
David S. Kong: We should let Risman go earlier, right?
David S. Kong: Maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, you guys, what the heck is that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Mike Sackton: Giant red mist. It's it's the red mist from high school here to kill us.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't want that.
Mike Sackton: I know, I said it gave me a bad feeling, and everybody else was like, let's roll initiative. You are asleep so.
David S. Kong: Well, we have to go in there and get the stupid chest
David S. Kong: that that's like the whole, you know.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I guess we could have decided that it wasn't worth it for just another little bit of a trinket about Kevin, who we already have something for.
David S. Kong: No.
Mike Sackton: This is this the chest, Tim, my right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, this is the chest down here.
Mike Sackton: Okay. And this thing doesn't seem to be like doing anything.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't seem to be doing anything at the moment.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: That was first.st Kenzo, are you switching with rizwin?
Tim Sackton: Are you keeping your spot.
David S. Kong: I switched with Rizone right.
Kate Sackton: If you want me to, just see if I can chase it out. The door.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Stole him.
Kate Sackton: I gotta get on the other side of it, and then hope it runs out the door unless it goes through walls. I don't know.
Kate Sackton: Hope it fits through the door. It's very big.
Tim Sackton: It's insubstantial. It seems like it can probably move through walls if it wants to.
Mike Sackton: Is this this chest is actually, it's like a huge chest. It's like 20 feet across.
Tim Sackton: It's like, it's like a filing cabinet.
Kate Sackton: Substantial things, if I scared them away.
Kate Sackton: would like run into the corner of the room and have no further to go. Are you saying an insubstantial thing, if I scare it from any direction, can just go through any wall.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: That makes it easier. I don't have to get on the other side of it to scare it at the door.
Tim Sackton: Dalith is first.st Dalith, do you want to do anything.
Mike Sackton: Yeah,
Mike Sackton: And let's see 1, 2.
Tim Sackton: This one's next.
Mike Sackton: Okay, does it do anything? When I start moving into the room, just seem to react.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it sort of grows a little more solid and looks menacingly at you, but
Tim Sackton: you beat it on initiatives so.
Mike Sackton: Should I go for the chest, or should I?
Mike Sackton: Should I go for the chest, or should I.
David S. Kong: Like. Do you think you can take the chest and run.
Mike Sackton: That's what that was my thinking.
Tim Sackton: You can't lift up the chest. This is like a 20 foot long bike.
Mike Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: No way you can pick this whole thing up.
Mike Sackton: It would probably be more like, open the chest, take something, and then run, should take me a turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do have telekinesis.
Mike Sackton: Oh, could you pick up the chest with telekinesis.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's range 60, but I could double it.
Tim Sackton: How heavy a thing can you pick up with telekinesis.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pretty heavy.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't say huge or smaller.
Eric Rosenbaum: Move it 30 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm! Why can only move at 30 feet.
Kate Sackton: Give Kenzo back his turn, order, belt, and Kenzo could run in. At the same time. Kenzo could sense the thing
Kate Sackton: that dealt with was grabbing, or and then they can both run away.
Mike Sackton: I I'm just gonna move.
Kate Sackton: Have adjacent turn orders.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to move there and then I'm going to cast banish on it.
David S. Kong: That's great, thank you.
David S. Kong: It seems like a great use of dash.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I think this is smaller than huge. A huge is a 15 by 15 foot cube. So by area
Tim Sackton: 25 feet by 5 feet that's got to be smaller.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Deal with is sorry. What is dealt with doing.
Mike Sackton: Spanish.
David S. Kong: Your use of vanished
David S. Kong: wow!
David S. Kong: The music at Icon doesn't seem like a very, very friendly moment right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here.
Tim Sackton: What is it going to do? So as you cast banish.
Tim Sackton: I didn't think about this.
David S. Kong: It works.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Let me just look at the spell.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so it vanishes.
Mike Sackton: Okay, right? Let's, I mean, that was my action. I can't quite reach the chest.
Mike Sackton: So my turn's over.
Eric Rosenbaum: How long does this last? The vanish.
Mike Sackton: 1 min.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
David S. Kong: Why doesn't Kenzo keep his initiative order? Yeah. And Kenzo will go. Kenzo will run in.
David S. Kong: find the object that is most.
David S. Kong: Kevin, like.
Tim Sackton: So you flip open the chest and you sense.
Tim Sackton: Use your soul sense.
Tim Sackton: So the chest. When you flip it open. It seems to be there's like
Tim Sackton: it actually opens it like slides. It's it's actually maybe maybe you can't get it with telecommunicus about 10 feet high, and it
Tim Sackton: it. It opens from the side right? So it slides open like a cabinet, and it's a scroll. It's like a scroll cabinet. There's like dozens and dozens and dozens of scrolls.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: It seems to be some sort of magically preserved way to keep records.
Tim Sackton: You don't know whether this is like
Tim Sackton: unusual records, or whether it was just there's enough magic and drink, or that they're like.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, if we're gonna have a chest to keep trading records, we're gonna
Tim Sackton: make it, so it doesn't burn down in a fire by accident, or anything like that.
Tim Sackton: As you reach, and
Tim Sackton: sense your sort of aura of chem at
Tim Sackton: you find your hand drawn to a scroll that you can't read, but as you pull it out.
Tim Sackton: and again, there's something about this
Tim Sackton: like these are not. These scrolls are not like decaying paper, right like, somehow, being in the chest has preserved them
Tim Sackton: at quick glance. It looks like maybe a shipping manifest.
Tim Sackton: but you can't read. Oh, wait! Do you read? Does Kenzer read drankardian.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Mike Sackton: But also Della's standing right here. I can read it.
Tim Sackton: That's right.
Tim Sackton: It is the shipping manifest of a ship called.
Mike Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: The Selim Shirgu.
Mike Sackton: Okay, sounds great. Let's not stand around and read it. Here, let's get out of here.
Eric Rosenbaum: And yeah.
Tim Sackton: There is also, okay, go ahead. Well.
David S. Kong: Also what there's also what.
Tim Sackton: No, you got a minute.
Tim Sackton: Tell you more about the shipping manifest.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: But is there anything else interesting inside the thing.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could take.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there could be lots of interesting things inside the thing.
Mike Sackton: Let's take 10. Let's take
Mike Sackton: 11 one round 6 seconds
Mike Sackton: to quickly search, glance through the chest.
David S. Kong: Yeah, what else is in there?
Eric Rosenbaum: Not in parallel. We could see a lot.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we can all spend our turn.
Tim Sackton: So a lot of it seems to be tax records.
Tim Sackton: I mean you. You got 6 seconds. That's about all you learn. Shipping manifest tax records.
David S. Kong: Anything magical.
Tim Sackton: Like, nobody's got you.
Mike Sackton: I'll cast detect magic with my next turn.
Tim Sackton: That.
Mike Sackton: It's not concentration, because I have the magic thingy.
Tim Sackton: Can't use your Elven stuff. You can't use a spell slot to cast that.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, it doesn't. It doesn't take ritual time, and it's not magic, not concentration, right?
Tim Sackton: No, it takes a minute.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: Use his goggles.
Mike Sackton: Does it still? Take a minute? I thought when you were a certain level, it didn't take a minute anymore.
Tim Sackton: No rituals. Normally take 10 min. When you're a certain level. It doesn't take concentration, and it only.
David S. Kong: Seeker. Just put his goggles on and look and see if there's anything bad.
Tim Sackton: They don't detect magic. Oh, he has the wand.
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I forgot about that.
David S. Kong: Let's use it real fast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wand of detect magic.
David S. Kong: But can we just put the whole thing in the portable hole which we took from weldy.
Tim Sackton: No, you didn't take the portable hole from Bobby, the portable hole regarding
Tim Sackton: guarded because the factory is in there.
Mike Sackton: Ask detect magic. We'll take one more round to quickly look at detect magic. Then we'll skenaddle.
Tim Sackton: Alright!
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, use the one.
Tim Sackton: The chest itself is magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Kate Sackton: We need it.
Tim Sackton: None of the scrolls seem to immediately be magical, although you still haven't figured out exactly why the
Tim Sackton: Barazal told you to look here for clues about the paranor.
Tim Sackton: but you can run. That's fine.
Mike Sackton: Wait, wait! Wait! Did the Bearizell tell us to look here, or look somewhere? I thought it was the docks.
Mike Sackton: What did the Baron's house. Say, can you tell us again.
Kate Sackton: Non-rhyming message did say the docs. But the DM. Seems to think that the trading medium is the Doc.
Tim Sackton: The message said much.
Tim Sackton: many. What was it? Like? The docks of Drankor? Many things passed through the docks, including some desired by
Tim Sackton: minaret or something like that.
Mike Sackton: Many things passing through the docks would very much imply the Customs House. That's what keeps track of all the things
Mike Sackton: that passed to the docks.
Kate Sackton: So if we read all the records, if we spent a while reading records, maybe we could find
Kate Sackton: minrist's name on a thing, even though they
Kate Sackton: don't have a psychic link to the paperwork itself.
Kate Sackton: The paperwork might say citizen minerist, Kyle.
Eric Rosenbaum: All the scrolls.
Kate Sackton: Times we're gonna run out of time to collect all the scrolls.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we probably only have 15 seconds left.
Kate Sackton: A minute's not bad.
Tim Sackton: No, you've got like 4 rounds left.
Mike Sackton: Okay. 24 seconds left.
Tim Sackton: 24 seconds left.
Mike Sackton: I mean. Wait! Can you tell Kinesis multiple objects?
Mike Sackton: You can't telekinesis all the scrolls altogether right.
Tim Sackton: Time is wasting. What are you going to do.
Mike Sackton: Do we run away, or do we like just kill this thing after all?
David S. Kong: No, let's get out of here. I don't know if you want to fight it.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Another magical chest on the other side.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's go to the other magical chest.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, there you go.
Mike Sackton: We'll just. We'll just leave.
Kate Sackton: Why don't we swoop up a few armfuls of scrolls to take with us for light reading?
Eric Rosenbaum: Grabs a couple. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Sure. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Down with all.
Mike Sackton: Well, how many scrolls? How many scrolls are there?
Mike Sackton: I mean? Not exactly, obviously. But are we talking tens, hundreds or thousands.
Tim Sackton: Hundreds.
Mike Sackton: Okay? So we can each grab 15 scrolls.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you could probably get a quarter of them.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, probably get a hundred scrolls between the 4 of you.
Mike Sackton: So we'll grab the 100 scrolls. We'll run back into the main room and we'll
Mike Sackton: come out to like here right? And then a few minutes looking at what we got.
Tim Sackton: So I'm going to roll a d 4.
David S. Kong: We want to roll happy.
Mike Sackton: I'm wrong at D. 4.
David S. Kong: Even around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: Free.
David S. Kong: That's good.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's exactly what we wanted. Yes.
Mike Sackton: There was a number. It was probably one or 4 that we needed to roll.
Tim Sackton: It's like, so you start looking through the scrolls that you found.
Tim Sackton: You know these are.
Mike Sackton: I'm just gonna go check that. This guy came back.
Tim Sackton: Came back.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: As you start poking through the scrolls. It's these are, I mean, this is like a whole bunch of
Tim Sackton: records of you know, various kinds of goods and
Tim Sackton: trade deals pretty like boring. Actually, you know, there's
Tim Sackton: it does. Actually, you know, given if you spend the time it does seem to
Tim Sackton: at least give you a picture a little bit of
Tim Sackton: sort of the goods that pass through through rancor.
Tim Sackton: it! It seems like there were.
Tim Sackton: You know, you can sort of begin to build a picture from this of
Tim Sackton: 1st of all, the just massive quantities of grain shipments that were coming in all the time. Just
Tim Sackton: every, you know, cost many records of like the grain from X grain from y
Tim Sackton: goods coming up and down the river.
Tim Sackton: it seems like not only did some things go towards the
Tim Sackton: you know, to the merchants, but there was also, potentially, you think maybe 3 universities in Drankar?
Tim Sackton: There's a mention of the Imperial University, Valtrius University.
Tim Sackton: the Falorian, which sounds like a university based on the goods like describing books and things.
Tim Sackton: There's, you know, shipbuilding. There's lots of
Tim Sackton: weapons and metal and armor. This is like describing manifests of ships that are bringing in
Tim Sackton: supplies for an army, but there's no mention of Minrf.
David S. Kong: Any minarethy items temp anywhere in the space.
Mike Sackton: What's in the other side.
Tim Sackton: There's also a chest.
Mike Sackton: I mean, but there's no red mist.
Tim Sackton: There's no red mist.
Mike Sackton: Should we go open the chest.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: The only sense of well, actually, Rolla, roll d. 20.
Tim Sackton: Come.
David S. Kong: Any
Tim Sackton: Make insight, make it an insight, check.
David S. Kong: I like that.
David S. Kong: Fuck 10.
Mike Sackton: Heroic inspiration. If you want to roll good in.
David S. Kong: I will do it again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or Bardic Runic.
David S. Kong: No, I'm gonna do. I'm gonna just do it again.
Tim Sackton: I mean you can.
David S. Kong: That's crazy. I rolled. I went from rolling a 2 to rolling a 1.
Mike Sackton: That's sad.
Tim Sackton: You can always use fartick inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's a d.
Eric Rosenbaum: 12.
Tim Sackton: 12.
Eric Rosenbaum: We had a 12. Maybe that would be sufficient.
David S. Kong: Alright! Let's do it. Why not?
Tim Sackton: Roll twice, take the higher one.
David S. Kong: Oh, that's not bad!
Tim Sackton: 8.
David S. Kong: Oh, then I roll the 12. Nice 22.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you well, you you
Tim Sackton: don't sense anything. And then, with seekers sort of encouragement.
Tim Sackton: the only faint tickle of Minerith is coming from
Tim Sackton: the chest that you just abandoned to the red mist.
David S. Kong: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. Do we know anything about what
Eric Rosenbaum: that word means? Is it a person.
Eric Rosenbaum: the person that's the person we're looking for? Right.
David S. Kong: Yes, the parent paramour.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! The.
David S. Kong: Yeah, man. So we do have to go back and fight.
Mike Sackton: Well, does anybody want? I could just count sanctuary, and somebody could just
Mike Sackton: try. I mean, it would have to make a DC. 18. Wisdom saving, throw to attack you.
David S. Kong: I mean, I guess it could be me, since I'm the one who can sense the object, and I can go back and.
Mike Sackton: Cast.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I am fast.
David S. Kong: Alright.
David S. Kong: Let's try to do that. Let's try not to kill the thing. Let's try not to try to avoid a lengthy combat.
Mike Sackton: Alright. I'm casting sanctuary on Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Last, and it.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'm running in there trying to find the object and then running out.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Shocking, how less bloodthirsty we are when Welby's not around.
Mike Sackton: It really is.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we should hang around nearby in case like.
David S. Kong: Yeah, of course.
Mike Sackton: Turns terrible, but like not directly in the creature's line of sight.
Tim Sackton: So as Kenzo walks in to
Tim Sackton: and you open up, you open up the chest and you begin let's see wisdom.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's a 21.
Mike Sackton: That would make the safe.
Tim Sackton: The mist condenses into a line of
Tim Sackton: thickness that strikes towards you, Kenzo, make a dexterity, saving, throw.
David S. Kong: 27.
Tim Sackton: Hanzo takes no damage as he dodges from the
Tim Sackton: bolt of red mist and opens the
Tim Sackton: the chest and begins looking through concentrating.
Tim Sackton: running your hands along these scrolls and you find reach, and you find
Tim Sackton: it's a very faint tickle. It's like nothing that this person touched, but maybe something that mentions him.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: And you find one squirrel, and you just grab it and begin to run out.
Mike Sackton: Has to make another, save for each attack.
Tim Sackton: Yup, it's actually got a very high plus to its wisdom. Stage.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, not the cast? A.
Tim Sackton: What's the does 19 make it.
Mike Sackton: Wait! I thought my DC. Was 19, but it's apparently 18.
Tim Sackton: Well, it doesn't matter, because.
Mike Sackton: He would have made it, anyway.
Tim Sackton: It's a sorcerer spell, so you don't get.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You. You don't get your
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Happy birthday. Yeah. Okay, it's now going to
Tim Sackton: 2 fists appear, and it's going to punch at you, Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: That's a 22 and a 26.
Tim Sackton: The 1st one does.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Wait! Deflect it!
David S. Kong: Yeah, I will. Instead of adding.
Mike Sackton: I don't know to do damage first, st right?
Tim Sackton: 26 points of necrotic damage.
David S. Kong: That's actually a little bit.
David S. Kong: That's okay, I will. What's the second one?
Tim Sackton: Well, you gotta decide if you're going to flak before you know the damage of the second one.
David S. Kong: Well, this one's gonna be a little bit tight, because if I try to deflect hold on, I just need to double check this thing really quick.
David S. Kong: One d 10 plus 19. So actually, this is actually a little bit tight. I have to worry.
Tim Sackton: You reduce the debt, even if you don't reduce it to 0, you still can reduce it to quite low.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but I want to reduce it such that I can then.
Tim Sackton: Well, you're not trying to kill the thing. What difference is one.
David S. Kong: Oh, that's true. I'm not trying to trying to kill it. You're right, all right. Yeah, okay, so let me, I'll deflect it. Hold on! Hold on! Let me roll one d. 10.
Kate Sackton: What?
David S. Kong: Okay, I deflect that 22 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you only take what is it? 26. You take 4 points of necrotic damage, and the second one is going to do. 10,
Tim Sackton: 1623 points of necrotic damage.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Darn out the door, and it does not seem to follow.
David S. Kong: Wow, success.
Tim Sackton: And you look at this
Tim Sackton: but this scroll that you've
Tim Sackton: that you've pulled out now that you're in a somewhat safe and
Tim Sackton: Well, who knows if it's really safe? But anyway, there's not a giant, red, misty creature attacking you.
Tim Sackton: and it is. It is again a a shipment log.
Tim Sackton: And this mentions a
Tim Sackton: so it's like a log. It's like a list of of seemingly like rare
Tim Sackton: botanical herbs, or something that we shipped Throughncor, and the person they are being shipped to is listed as menareth
Tim Sackton: faculty of Natural History.
Tim Sackton: The University of the Astane also referred to as the Thelorian.
Kate Sackton: Universities also referred to as the Thore Laurean, or.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. The university, like the Sorbonne, it's like the University of Paris or the Sorbonne.
David S. Kong: Awesome pocket it.
David S. Kong: We got all the things right.
Mike Sackton: Well, now.
Mike Sackton: this just tells us where Minera is. We now need to go to the university to get the things.
David S. Kong: The Ms.
David S. Kong: Where's the University?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, where's the university? Do we know.
Tim Sackton: So okay. 2. Meta. Here. 2 possibilities.
Tim Sackton: The original idea is this was an opportunity for Welby to use his new power of his bow
Tim Sackton: to say, Find me the University of the Academy.
Tim Sackton: So we've got 2 options here. I can just hand wave it. You can stumble across the university on your way back, or, since everybody's falling asleep. We could
Tim Sackton: return to the Temple, and you could go out again when Schwartz is here next time.
Mike Sackton: I'm happy to save the University to do with shorts.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Kate Sackton: It's fine.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Kate Sackton: Early bedtime is good.
Mike Sackton: Because
Mike Sackton: all we have left to do is the find the university, and then go to the plane of the dead right.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: Yeah, so we can do all that next time.
Mike Sackton: So we could do that next time.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Sounds good to me.
Tim Sackton: Let's do that. Then then.
David S. Kong: We managed to avoid. We we accomplished our goals without having to have a long drawn out combat with like a big.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I approve good plan. Good play.
Tim Sackton: To be fair, that creature was actually impossible to kill. The only way you could accomplish your goals was to run in there and.
David S. Kong: Really.
Tim Sackton: The stuff and.
David S. Kong: Why was it impossible to kill.
Tim Sackton: It's literally cannot. Well.
Tim Sackton: I guess. Technically, if you had dug around and found the huddled pile of bones that are the source of the spirit and laid them to rest. You could have, but it cannot be killed by just reducing it to 0.
David S. Kong: Oh, my gosh, wow! How did we like intuitively know.
Tim Sackton: You just knew you just intuited that there was no point
Tim Sackton: cause I scared you too much because it was red mist. So you're like, no.
David S. Kong: Yeah, honestly, honestly.
Eric Rosenbaum: About that one. Yeah.
David S. Kong: In all very, very real honesty
David S. Kong: for me personally it was a combination of the music, and then the fucking icon you picked was really scary. That's like the scariest icon of anything we've had to fight
David S. Kong: whole time. It's huge, too. This is Giant.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is enormous.
David S. Kong: Look at that thing, man.
Mike Sackton: It is. It is pretty.
Tim Sackton: Does give off. You cannot kill me, Vibe. I can see that.
David S. Kong: We're just trying to get a scroll and run away like that's just this is felt. I wonder if Schwartz were here? If he had actually would have like, you know, negged us into battle. That we would have like, you know, tried to kill it in a while, but
Tim Sackton: Maybe so we will. For simplicity's sake we will say that you
Tim Sackton: make your way back over the course of the next hour, rizwin, destroying a few undead on the path.
Tim Sackton: To the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now failing to investigate the really interesting building that's eating itself. Oh, well.
Tim Sackton: It's not eating itself. It's it's a swarm of moths that eat stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, cool!
Tim Sackton: They also eat people.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not as cool.
David S. Kong: Hey? Before we sign off. I totally forgot to mention this earlier. Have any of you heard about or seen this anime called freerun FRIE REN.
Mike Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: Highly recommend. You all check it out because it's kind of about us. So it's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
David S. Kong: Long story short, the main character is this elven mage for your end.
David S. Kong: and basically the premise of the whole series. There's 1 season out in whatever 28 episodes or whatever. But it's like. The premise of the series is that there was this a campaign of heroes, or these like 4 heroes, and they killed the Demon King. It's like they killed like the big, huge, crazy boss, or whatever, and the whole series starts at the age of peace. So it's like this thing happened like before the series starts.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: And then the whole series starts. But the the Elven Mage is like lives forever, and she's her companions are like humans or whatever. So they all die like in the 1st episode, because they all just like, you know she get. And then she's just all like like having to deal with the fact that she's like, you know, lives forever, and everybody else she knows, dies, and, like the whole thing is like her, like over time, realizing like, Oh, fuck like
David S. Kong: I like had this campaign for like 10 years with my friends, and I didn't appreciate them. But I didn't like really know them, cause I was just like, Oh, it's just 10 years. Why is everybody so like excited about all the stuff that.